ADELTA

lO

YEARS

WE'LL NEVER
STOP CLIMBING

2024

Delta
Difference
Report

--- PAGE 1 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 2 FULL REPORT [2

Delta is connecting the world. For good.

Introduction

A Message From
Ed Bastian

2024 Highlights

Awards and
Recognition

About This Report

Safety

10 Safety Governance

10 Safety Management
System

13 Employee Safety
Programs and
Training
Safety Assessments
and Audits

People

17 Employee
Engagement

20 Talent Management

21 Our Approach to
Diversity, Equity
& Inclusion

Compensation
and Benefits

Wellness

Community Environment

35 Our Path to
Sustainability

28 Charitable Giving

33 Employee Fundraising
and Volunteerism 39 Advancing Progress

Toward Our Goals

47 Additional Climate-
Related Disclosures

51

53

53
54

54

Governance

Board-Level
Oversight

Political Activity and
Policy Engagement

Business Ethics

Data Privacy and
Information Security

Responsible
Approach to Al

Appendix

56 Emissions
Verification

57 Historical GHG
Emissions Data

57 Environmental Data

58 Legal Disclaimer

--- PAGE 2 END ---

DELTA Introduction People Community Environment Governance Appendix 3 FULL REPORT [2

Introduction

A Message From Ed Bastian
2024 Highlights

Awards and Recognition
About This Report

co wN MW

--- PAGE 3 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

ADELTA

10%

WE'LL NEVER
STOP CLIMBING

YEARS

Delta Difference Report

In 2024, Delta turned 99 and embarked
on our 100th year in 2025. While some
companies credit innovation or leadership
for this kind of milestone, at Delta, it's
because of our people, who are the Delta
Difference, that we've made it this far and
will continue soaring into the next century.

The Delta Difference isn't new. For 100
years, Delta has been a company that
puts people first - and that core value
continues to shape how we care for
employees, customers, communities
and our planet. As we embark on our
next 100 years, there's no question that
the Delta Difference is alive and well
across the globe, and it will fuel our
insatiable desire to never stop climbing.

This report is a celebration of that
mindset that drives our people,
who are the Delta Difference.

People Community Environment Governance Appendix 4 FULL REPORT [2
A Message From Ed Bastian
Delta is marking its centennial year in 2025 by Safety First

celebrating our storied history while looking ahead to
the next century of flight. Even 100 years ago, when
Delta was a crop duster with a handful of planes and a
passion for the skies, our founder imbued the company
with a simple but powerful idea: Our success should
be driven by our values of always putting people first.

That's why, for the past century, we've run our
business to serve our employees, customers,
communities and owners in the best way possible.
Long before annual reports like these became routine,
we were measuring how well we were taking care

of Delta's stakeholders. At the same time, we were
learning from them, evolving and continually raising
our bar as we grew into our global footprint. "Keep
Climbing" isn't just a slogan - it's a way of life that
dates to our earliest days. And today, it manifests itself
in the Delta Difference that is powered by our people.

Throughout Delta's history, our leadership has held fast
to a simple philosophy we call the Virtuous Circle. When
we take care of and invest in our people, they take care
of our customers, who reward us with their business
and loyalty. That, in turn, rewards our owners, who
continue to trust the business with their capital, allowing
further investment in Delta's people and customers.
When it works, all stakeholders share in our success.

The wisdom of that ideal continues to be evident. In
the past year, Delta's leadership was recognized with
a No. 11 ranking on Fortune's World's Most Admired
Companies list, awarded the most on-time North
American airline by Cirium, named the Top U.S.
Airline for the fourth year in a row by the Wall Street
Journal and ranked by Fast Company in 2025 as one
of the world's Most Innovative Companies and No.3
in the Corporate Social Responsibility category.

Among all our priorities, the longest-standing mandate
is safety, which harkens to the dawn of powered aviation.
Safe and secure operations are our most fundamental
obligation to customers, colleagues and the communities
we serve, and our commitment to safety remains
steadfast. Our safety expectations and standards are led
by our code of ethics, titled The Way We Fly. And our
teams continue to harness innovation and technology,
including artificial intelligence (Al), to further elevate our
safety-first culture. Commercial air travel remains, by far,
the safest mode of transportation. That's been the case
for decades, thanks to an industry-wide collaboration
mandating that we always learn from any incident,

large or small, that may affect safety. Air travel is a
competitive industry, but we never compete on safety.

Taking Care of People

Our 100,000+ employees live by Delta's core values:
Care, Integrity, Resilience, and Servant Leadership -
they are the Delta Difference. We make strategic
investments in our team and work to actively listen,
encourage feedback and prioritize employee wellness
to help our people thrive. And we always share our
success, including $1.4 billion in employee profit
sharing for 2024 (roughly 5 weeks' pay for each
employee), $86 million in 2024 performance incentives
to our people for meeting operational targets and

5% raises for our frontline workgroups in 2024.

Serving Our Communities

Supporting the communities where we live, work and
serve has been a fundamental value for Delta for the
past century. In 2016, we formalized that support with
our commitment to dedicate 1% of our profits to our

Ed [yf

communities. In 2024, Delta provided nearly $65 million
in charitable giving on behalf of Delta Air Lines and The
Delta Air Lines Foundation via partnerships with local,
national and global nonprofits and civic organizations.

Supporting the Environment

Increasing efficiency and reducing fuel burn is great for
our business and our carbon footprint, and we've been on
that journey for much of our history. Thanks to constant
innovation in aerospace design, today's aircraft have more
than twice the fuel efficiency of the earliest passenger
jets. And we continue to transition Delta's fleet to more
fuel-efficient planes, with 38 new next-generation aircraft
delivered in 2024 that are 28% more efficient, on average,
than aircraft retired since 2019. Delta also continues to
invest in and support the use of sustainable aviation fuel
through collaborative commitments and short- and long-
term offtake agreements and partnerships.

As we honor our 100 years of history,
we're already planning our future. We
remain steadfast in our belief that travel
has the power to break down barriers,
bridge divides and move the world
forward. This is the beginning of a new
era in flight. As we take off into our
next century, fasten your seatbelts -
the best is yet to come.

ED BASTIAN
Chief Executive Officer
Delta Air Lines

--- PAGE 4 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

2024 Highlights

202 Our People Are Core
to Our Success

INDUSTRY-LEADING PROFIT SHARING

$1.4B
Paid to employees in 2025 from 2024 profits

$10B

Shared with employees since 2015 through
industry-leading Profit Sharing Program

CONTINUED MOMENTUM IN
FINANCIAL WELLNESS

~36,400

Employees completed Delta's Emergency Savings
Program with financial coaching, education and
savings requirements since 2023, each earning
the full $1,000 safety net contribution from Delta

4%

Annual pay increase, effective June 2025,
Delta's fourth annual increase post-pandemic
(2022-2025)

People Community

Environment

FOSTERING AN
ENGAGED WORKFORCE
83

Average engagement score for the
2024 Employee Engagement Survey

(out of a 100-point scale;
increased from 80 in 2023)

EXPANDING EQUITABLE
OUTCOMES

35%

Of corporate and management

openings filled with talent
from frontline roles

Delta's Advisory Board on
Disability and Accessible Travel

Members participated in industry
conferences and panel discussions
to reduce barriers to travel

READ MORE ON PEOPLE >

Governance Appendix FULL REPORT [2

Supporting tl
Where We Live

~$65M

In charitable giving, exceeding our goal to
contribute at least 1% of the company's
profits to communities worldwide

$18M

Raised by Delta employees and customers
for major fundraisers in 2024, including
the American Cancer Society, American
Heart Association, Breast Cancer Research
Foundation, Children's Healthcare of
Atlanta, Covenant House, Delta Care and
Scholarship Funds, and United Way

Return to Normandy:
Serving Those Who Serve

For the third consecutive year, Delta flew
World War Il veterans back to Normandy,
France, to commemorate the 80th anniversary
of D-Day

READ MORE ON COMMUNITY

Of Delta's 14 Board members joined the
Board since 2023, bringing a diversity of
experiences, perspectives and backgrounds

Active board oversight

Reflected in our Board structure and allocation
of oversight responsibilities among Board
committees on matters including strategy,
safety, risk management, information
technology and cybersecurity, environmental
sustainability and human capital management

Maintain strong shareholder
engagement practices

Through our long-standing practice of active
engagement with shareholders; during 2024,

we met, or initiated contact, with shareholders
representing over 55% of our outstanding shares

READ MORE ON GOVERNANCE

--- PAGE 5 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 6

2024 Highlights

ay Connecting People to a More Sustainable Future

What We Fly How We Fly

REVOLUTIONARY FLEET THE TRAVEL EXPERIENCE 49

7M 170,000

Pounds of single-use Pounds of single-use
plastics annually, plastics removed from
estimated to be eliminated" our earbud products
when our new paper and packaging

cup is fully launched

across all domestic and

international flights

38 Partnering with JetZero
to develop Blended-

Next-generation Wing-Body aircraft

aircraft received as of
year-end 2024, which
are, on average, 28%

more fuel efficient per
seat mile than aircraft
retired since 2019

The new design is expected to
be up to 50% more fuel efficient
than aircraft in operation today.
Delta is providing best-in-class
operational expertise through
our Sustainable Skies Lab

EFFICIENT AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS K GROUND OPERATIONS AND FACILITIES

6.6% 39%
Improvement in fleet-
wide fuel efficiency

since 2019

44M

Gallons of jet fuel saved in 2024 compared to 2019? through
initiatives like enhanced operating procedures, reductions

in catering service weight and new engine cleaning
technologies - worth over $100M in cost savings

(GSE) fleet is electrified, thanks to our

1 Through changes in product and processes since 2019.
2 Relative to what would have been used had these fuel-saving initiatives not b

Of our critical ground support equipment

deployment of 2,029 eGSE units since 2020

FULL REPORT |7

CLEANER FUEL

13M

Gallons of sustainable

aviation fuel (SAF)

delivered, more than

triple the amount
received in 2023

3.7 MW

Total expected capacity, from rooftop

The Fuel We Use

First batch of Minnesota
crop-based SAF

As part of our collaboration
with the Minnesota

SAF Hub, we supported
the production of the

first batch of SAF made
using Minnesota-grown
winter camelina seed

Cis)

solar panels installed at our Atlanta

campus when fully operational in 2025

READ MORE ONENVIRONMENT >

--- PAGE 6 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction

Safety People

Awards and Recognition

& Taking Care of Employees

RANKED 2ND

Workplace
Wellbeing 100
Indeed

RANKED 15TH

100 Best Companies
to Work For®

Fortune

9TH YEAR IN A ROW

2024 Best
Places to Work for

Disability Inclusion
Disability Equality Index

3RD YEAR IN AROW
Best Airline Staff

Skytrax World
Airline Awards

RANKED 67TH OF 100
AND #1 AIRLINE

America's Most
JUST Companies
JUST Capital and CNBC

2024 America's Best
Employers for Women
and Best Employers
for Diversity

Forbes

America's Greatest
Workplaces for

Diversity 2024
| Newsweek

Community Environment

eb

RANKED #3

Most Innovative
Companies in
Corporate Social
Responsibility 2025
Fast Company

4TH YEAR IN AROW
Platinum Award for

Operational Excellence
| Cirium

North America's
Most On-Time
Airline in 2024

Cirium

4TH YEAR IN AROW
Best Airline in
North America

Skytrax World
Airline Awards

Governance

Appendix

Delivering for Customers

3RD YEAR IN A ROW
Premium Economy
Passenger Satisfaction
J.D. Power

7TH YEAR IN A ROW
The Civic 50 Most
Community-Minded
Companies in the US

Points of Light

RANKED 3RD

America's Best
Customer Service
2024 - Transportation
and Travel

Newsweek

7

FULL REPORT [7

6TH YEAR IN A ROW
Best U.S. Airline
The Points Guy

4TH YEAR IN A ROW
Top U.S. Airline

of 2025

The Wall Street Journal

7 aw

=|

RANKED 11TH

World's Most
Admired Companies
Fortune

e
Visit our website

to learn more about
Delta's awards

and recognition

DELTA'S AWARDS (7

14TH YEAR IN A ROW

2024 Annual Airline
Survey's #1 Airline

Business Travel News

--- PAGE 7 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

About This Report

The 2024 Delta Difference Report provides
information on issues of interest to many of our
key stakeholders, including Delta's environmental,
social and governance performance from January
1 to December 31, 2024. As many of our efforts
extend beyond this timeframe, progress made
during the first quarter of 2025 on long-term
strategies and initiatives is included in this report
as well. All references to "Delta," "we," "us" and
"ours" are references to Delta Air Lines, Inc.

This report aligns with the reporting standards
of the Sustainability Accounting Standards
Board (SASB) and the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Our report reflects information regarding our airline
operations, which is our core business. Monroe
Energy, LLC (Monroe) is a wholly owned subsidiary
of ours that operates the Trainer Refinery and
related pipelines and terminal assets that supply
jet fuel to our airline operations in the Northeastern
United States. Monroe is operated separately, and,
as such, information about Monroe is not reflected
in this report. Consistent with the GHG Protocol,
this report includes greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions from business activities under Delta's
operational control.' Monroe files GHG emissions
reports annually with the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency, which are publicly available.
The publicly available Monroe GHG emissions
report can be viewed here. We discuss Delta's
climate lobbying activities, including those by

or on behalf of Monroe, in the Environment

section of this report and our website here.

People Community Environment

Reporting Priorities

At Delta, we are committed to transparently
communicating how we identify, prioritize and
approach the topics that are most relevant to our
business, customers, employees and investors. We
use a range of formal and informal engagement
methods, including materiality analyses, ongoing
dialogue with key stakeholders and our Enterprise
Risk Management process. We use the findings
from our engagement to inform what we disclose
publicly about our short-, medium- and long-
term environmental sustainability, social and
governance strategies and milestones.

We continue to refine our approach in alignment
with evolving best practices, voluntary guidance
and the regulatory landscape. In 2023, we updated
our materiality assessment to reflect changes in our
understanding of the relevant topics that represent

Stakeholder
Priorities

Governance

Appendix 8 FULL REPORT [2

key impacts and evolving stakeholder priorities.
That assessment was based on scientific findings,
business and policy trends, dialogues with internal
and external stakeholders, employee and customer
surveys and data on potential financial impacts.

We used these inputs to identify the most relevant
topics, including from an environmental, social

and governance perspective, for our company

and stakeholders. This assessment process,

often referred to as a materiality assessment,
relies on a different standard than that used in

our financial disclosures and is distinct from the
concept of materiality as defined under the rules
and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) and related case law.

CUSTOMER SAFETY EMPLOYEE WELLNESS
AND SATISFACTION AND SAFETY

RESPONSIBLE

As aresult, the information described as material for
the purposes of this report - such as our strategies
and milestones - may not be material for other
purposes, including in connection with our SEC filings.

The outcomes of our 2023 assessment are listed below.

eR

The full report can be found at
difference.delta.com. The downloadable
PDF is a subset of the full report,

with links to additional content in
the full report on our website.

FULLREPORT |7

ETHICAL BUSINESS
CONDUCT

DIVERSITY, EQUITY COMMUNITY
PARTNERS AND
@ Environmental | @ Social | @ Governance
1 The GHG Protocol establishes comprehensive global standardized frameworks to measure and manage GHG emissions from private and public-sector operations, value chains and mitigation actions.

2 Based on assessment of financial risks and opportunities; not specified in employee/customer survey.

--- PAGE 8 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

Satety

IN THIS SECTION

10
10
13
14

Safety Governance
Safety Management System
Employee Safety Programs and Training

Safety Assessments and Audits

--- PAGE 9 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

Safety Overview

Without safety, nothing else matters.

Taking care of people first means making
sure they are safe. Safety, operational
reliability and customer service have been
Delta's foundation for 100 years. In 1928,
our first logo said it plainly: speed, safety,
comfort. That commitment to putting
safety first, running the best operation

in the industry and caring for our
customers, collegues, service providers,
and the communities we serve continues
today. As part of our "Safety First,
Always" policy, safe working conditions
and behaviors are a nonnegotiable
principle for all Delta people.

People Community

Environment

Safe, consistent operational
excellence is the bedrock of
Delta's growth and core to our
100-year brand promise."

JOHN LAUGHTER
Executive Vice President
and Chief of Operations

Governance

Appendix 10 FULL REPORT [2

Safety Governance

Delta's commitment to implementing strong
safety governance is centralized around our
Safety Management System (SMS) and
company-wide Safety Policy. The Safety

& Security Committee of Delta's Board of
Directors meets at least five times per year to
receive regular reports and updates on safety
performance. The Committee oversees and
consults with management regarding overall
customer, employee and aircraft operating
safety and security goals, performance and

initiatives. Our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is

he SMS Accountable Executive and therefore
holds ultimate responsibility for the SMS and
he company's overall safety performance.

Our CEO and the Delta Leadership Committee
continue to provide the necessary resources that
our SMS requires to maintain safe operations.
nternal safety roundtables, led by senior divisional
eaders, are hosted on a quarterly basis to facilitate
reviews of the overall health and effectiveness

of Delta's SMS across multiple areas of the
company. Within each operating division, a safety
assurance group meets monthly to identify and
tackle safety risks. Additionally, business unit
heads meet weekly to review and discuss current
safety-related activities and performance.

Safety Management System

Delta's SMS is our holistic approach to ensuring
both occupational and operational safety
hroughout the company. Delta's SMS also
applies to operations performed by Delta's
business partners and contractors who support
he Delta operating divisions. Through safety
management protocols, the SMS prioritizes
hazard identification, risk assessment and
mitigation, safety performance monitoring and
he promotion of a company-wide safety culture.

n 2017, Delta was one of the first U.S. airlines

to receive validation from the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) upon implementation of

our SMS and we continue to elevate our approach

to safety management. Delta is a signatory of the
International Air Transport Association (IATA) Safety
Leadership Charter, which is designed to demonstrate
commitment to cultivating a positive safety culture.

Safety Leadership is an essential part of our SMS,

and key to our success. Safety Leadership comprises

a set of behaviors demonstrated by individual

actions that drive our overall safety culture and are
promoted company-wide. These include integrity,
clear communication, accountability, listening and
care. Through each and every employee embracing
these characteristics, we continue to illustrate

our commitment to the safety of our people and
customers and to making safety our number one value.

--- PAGE 10 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

People Community Environment

catety Leadersp ip

Culture

Safety Culture

Delta's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct -
titled The Way We Fly - reinforces our safety
expectations and standards for employees and
business partners around the world. We are
committed to embodying the principles of Just
Culture, in which employees and partners are
empowered to report hazards and mistakes, leaders
are accountable for responding in a fair manner, and
we are all committed to continuous improvement
and prioritizing learning from incidents.

Our Safety Reporting Programs are a cornerstone
of Delta's safety culture and SMS. These programs
ensure all employees have an easy and effective
way to share safety concerns and inadvertent
deviations from policies and procedures. We
maintain voluntary hazard reporting programs

for all frontline employees that encourage the

confidential disclosure of any potential incidents
that may affect our overall safety performance.

In 2024, nearly 89,000 frontline employees
including pilots, flight attendants, dispatchers, load
planners, schedulers, ground agents, maintenance
personnel and engineers had direct access to
voluntary hazard reporting. Delta is committed

to a culture where employees may freely share
safety concerns and inadvertent deviation from
policies and procedures without fear of retaliation.

We understand that people sometimes

make mistakes while trying to do the right
thing. Just Culture focuses on implementing
essons learned rather than placing blame on
individuals. In 2024, Delta employees reported
27,260 safety concerns internally, helping

us to continue proactively managing risk.

Proactive Safety Management

As part of our SMS, Delta uses Safety Risk
Management (SRM), a process through which we
proactively identify potential operational hazards
and put into place controls to mitigate risk. At
Delta, we consider SRM an essential element of
change management and it is routinely applied

as changes occur around the airline, including:

* Implementation of new systems,
such as a new aircraft type
Revision of existing systems, such as
procedural or manual changes
Development of new procedures, such
as adding new airports to our network
Identification of new hazards or
ineffective risk controls through
proactive analysis of our safety data

Delta continues to explore and leverage new
technology to enhance safety management. For
example, in 2024, Delta safety teams began
testing the use of artificial intelligence (Al)

to analyze operational safety reports. The Al
tool's speed and accuracy reduce the amount
of time our experts spend on administrative
tasks, allowing more time to consider both

the trending risks in our complex air travel
industry and the mitigations needed to
address those risks. Importantly, even with this

application of Al, a human is always present
in the safety system to assure the quality

of reporting and analysis. Moving forward,
the safety teams will train and evolve the Al
capability to assist with how we analyze risk
within and across operational divisions.

--- PAGE 11 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

Flight Safety Technology

As part of our commitment to proactive safety
management, we are sharing and communicating
performance data with pilots as it relates to
safety so they can make adjustments in real

time. This includes continuing to expand the

use of FlightPulse, a strategic impact app that
transforms raw flight data into clear, actionable
insights. FlightPulse enables pilots to analyze
data associated with their flight plans to assess
how they compare against standard operating
practices, as well as other peers. FlightPulse can
also be used in flight to observe any relevant

top risks at any given location - including
weather, historical trend data and regulatory
considerations - and make necessary adjustments
midflight. With a pilot interest rate of 95%
across fleets, Delta pilots are using FlightPulse,

a key tool for ensuring safe operations.

Aircraft Deicing

We also continue to enhance management of the
key seasonal risk area of aircraft deicing. Prior

to the upcoming season, we proactively review
lessons learned from the previous season, update
procedures and reinforce key concepts through
training, including modern virtual reality training.
Furthermore, we leverage robust assurance
through employee reporting, routine audits during
storms and continual proficiency checks of our
deicing teams throughout the season. The data
from these sources allows us to take a risk-based
approach when analyzing performance and
addressing issues. All of these items assure we
proactively manage risk to assure safe operations.

People Community Environment

Delta's work environments at airport facilities and

in aircraft cabins are subject to high temperatures
seasonally at some of the airports we serve, particularly
in the south and southwestern parts of the U.S.

SMS provides the framework to proactively manage
risks related to high temperatures. We use data from
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)
recordable injuries reporting, employee safety reports,
equipment reliability reports and customer experience
reports to understand our risk profile related to heat-
related issues. These risks are continually analyzed and
discussed on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis by our
safety and operations teams - and ultimately reviewed

by our SMS Accountable Executive(s) with the Safety
and Security Committee of our Board of Directors. In
addition, heat-related risks occurring at airport locations
where Delta utilizes third-party contractors is reviewed
monthly and quarterly to ensure safety risks are regularly
discussed and addressed with those providers. In 2024,
Delta had five recordable heat-related injuries or illnesses.

AIRPORT RAMP ENVIRONMENT

We maintain Heat Injury/IIlness Prevention Plans locally
to minimize heat risk in our ground operations (or ramp)
environment. These plans are maintained by Delta and our

contractors and all plans must include the following elements:

1. Access to water

2. Access to shade

3. Emergency procedures

4. Training on the plan for all employees

Additional procedures may include safety alerts, leadership
check-ins with employees and working with a buddy to watch

Governance

Appendix 12 FULL REPORT |2

over each other during periods of high temperatures.

The plans are updated annually by local and corporate
leaders and checked by safety compliance auditors no less
than once every 24 months. While we make our best effort
to execute a strong, comprehensive plan, we also recognize
that the policies and procedures may not cover all situations
in our dynamic environment. Therefore, our culture is one of
empowerment, where any employee or contractor may call a
"Safety Time Out" to pause to correct a safety issue, including
heat-related issues, and they will be fully supported by senior
leaders. Furthermore, we are proud to be in our third year of
partnership with the Korey Stringer Institute, guiding Delta
in our efforts to proactively address the risk of heat-related
injuries/illnesses, which includes evaluation of uniforms,
new training and town halls across the Delta system.

AIRCRAFT CABINS

High temperatures, maintenance challenges or other factors
sometimes lead to elevated temperatures in airplane cabins,
especially during ground operations. In extreme cases,
passengers, flight and cabin crew, and ground team members
servicing aircraft can experience conditions that present
personal safety and health risks. We are upgrading air
conditioning units across the system, and we have developed
proactive weather alerting that identifies airports and flights
with increased risk of a hot-cabin incident. These alerts
allow for timely preparation - not only of our equipment to
support customers on board, but also for our employees
and our contractors who are exposed to the effects of
higher outside air temperatures, to have the necessary
means to avoid or manage hot-cabin events. In 2024, Delta
invested $4 million in air conditioning units at stations with
the highest risk of hot cabins. Looking forward, we plan to
continue investing to lower the overall age of equipment.

--- PAGE 12 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

People Community Environment

Employee Safety Programs and Training

Delta is committed to ensuring that all

our employees and partners have a safe
work environment. By heavily investing

in tools and technology across our airline
and initiatives to enhance our safety

culture, we work to prevent safety-related
incidents, including employee injuries and
illnesses. We focus on providing the policies,
procedures and education that are essential
to keeping our people and customers safe.

Safety Culture and Safety Time Outs

As part of our Safety Culture, we empower our
employees and business partners to slow down or
stop any operation if they feel it is necessary to do so
for safety reasons. This includes promoting the use
of Safety Time Outs, which are employee-initiated
pauses to address safety concerns. Empowering
employees in this way helps us to maintain a

safe working environment for our colleagues and

a safe travel experience for our customers.

Annual Safety Summit

In 2024, we held our third annual Safety &
Environmental Summit, where more than 400
participants, including our Chief of Operations,
a member of our Board of Directors and several
Delta senior leaders, gathered to discuss safety
and environmental best practices. The focus of
the summit was the importance of teamwork
to achieve operational excellence. The summit
brought safety, environmental and operations

leaders and professionals together to focus on
subjects such as safety culture, investigation
techniques, regulatory compliance, environmental
risk management, proper handling of dangerous
goods, spill prevention, occupational injury
prevention and aircraft damage prevention.

Safety Training and Initiatives

Delta provides employees with comprehensive
safety training, which covers subjects such as
regulatory compliance, workplace hazards, safety
behaviors and personal protective equipment. To
supplement training and embed a culture of safety
throughout Delta, we regularly communicate

the importance of safety through weekly videos,
internal posts, town halls and daily interactions
with leaders and within workspaces.

Additionally, in 2024 Delta continued to make
major investments in safety-related infrastructure
as well as safety equipment upgrades, such

as collision avoidance systems for ground
support vehicles, power stows for efficient
aircraft loading and air conditioning units to

keep aircraft cool for Delta ground teams.

The safety leadership expectations that we set

for all our employees also extend to Delta's
contractors, vendors and business partners. As

a result, we enable a safe working environment
across the company and work to maintain and
continually improve our overall safety performance
year over year, including an 11% reduction in

total recordable incident rates since 2023.

Governance Appendix 13 FULL REPORT [2

3.83
TRIR
(Total Recordable Incident Rate)

3.08
DART

(Days Away, Restricted or Transferred)

BEING PREPARED FOR IN-FLIGHT
MEDICAL EVENTS

Our flight attendants are not only
experts in providing elevated
service to our customers but are
also trained safety professionals
who, when necessary can respond
to emergency situations, such

as an in-flight medical event.

--- PAGE 13 END ---

Safety People

Community

Environment

Governance Appendix 14

At Delta, we are committed to running the safest operation
possible. Our people and our business partners are
empowered to take all necessary steps to ensure the
safety of themselves and those around them. This includes
stopping or slowing down operations if there are safety
concerns that need to be addressed. Our people are
Delta's most important asset, and we work to ensure their
utmost safety at all times. However, despite our thorough
safety prevention measures, accidents may still happen.

In August 2024, a tragic accident occurred in our wheel and
brake shop at our Atlanta TechOps facility and we suffered
the loss of two beloved Delta family members; a third
employee also suffered a serious leg injury. The accident

occurred while disassembling a wheel and tire assembly.

Immediately following the accident, Delta took steps to make
available a special contingent of health care professionals

as part of our Employee Assistance Program, to ensure

the mental health and well-being of anyone affected.

Delta Corporate Safety led an internal investigation
that resulted in existing safety protocols being
reinforced and additional procedural measures being
put in place to further ensure tire deflation prior to
disassembly. Delta also fully cooperated with the
investigations carried out by the FAA and OSHA.

Safety Assessments and Audits

Through Delta's Internal Evaluation Program, we
routinely conduct assessments to evaluate the
effectiveness of key operational programs across the
airline and their compliance with Delta protocols.
Process assessments such as these play a critical role in
ensuring the health and effectiveness of our operational
and safety policies and procedures. We also conduct
regular quality assurance audits across domestic and
international locations to monitor all Delta ground and
maintenance operations. All audit results are transferred
into Delta's overarching SMS and made available for
review by senior leadership on a monthly basis.

To complement our internal safety assessments

and audits, Delta also receives independent, third-
party safety audits carried out by the FAA, IATA's
Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) Program and the U.S.
Department of Defense. In 2024, Delta successfully
completed the revised Risk-Based IOSA, focusing

on key standards across operating divisions and
demonstrating our high performance and dedication to
our most important behavior - Safety First, Always.

Safety Programs and
Industry Groups in
Which Delta Serves as
an Active Participant,
Leader or Member:

Airlines for America (A4A) -

Safety Council and committees
American Society of Safety
Professionals (ASSP)

Aviation Safety Action

Program (ASAP) - confidential
employee safety reporting

Aviation Safety Team (AST)
Commercial Aviation

Safety Team (CAST)

Aviation Safety Information Analysis
and Sharing (ASIAS) system

Flight Operational Quality Assurance
(FOQA) Program - flight data monitoring
Flight Safety Foundation (FSF)
Ground Handling Operations -
Safety Team (GHOST)

ATA - Safety Group and committees
International Society of Air

Safety Investigators (ISASI)

National Safety Council (NSC)

--- PAGE 14 END ---

ay

ADELTA Introduction Safety People

People

17
20
21
23
25

Employee Engagement

Talent Management

Our Approach to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Compensation and Benefits

Wellness

--- PAGE 15 END ---

Introduction

DELTA Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 16 FULL REPORT [2

People Overview

Rooted in our people and culture, the Delta

Difference has been our strongest competitive &

advantage for 100 years. Every day, in everything

we do, our more than 100,000 employees Visit the Delta Difference
live out our core values of Integrity, Care, Report site to learn more

Resilience and Servant Leadership by delivering about our people strategy

welcoming, elevated and caring service. We 3
KeiMeTy) committed to attracting, retaining Competitive compensation, Holistic wellness benefits
lie developing people who understand and retirement plans and that support employees'

are committee to delivering the high-quality financial rewards designed physical, emotional,

service that Delta has long been known for. to share Delta's success social and financial

As our colleagues fuel our success, we strive to with our people and health and thus promote

make meaningful investments in each of them encourage teamwork high performance

in support of our Virtuous Circle. We work to

listen actively, seek input regularly and respond

to employee feedback; prioritize employee

wellness, including physical, emotional, social

and financial health; provide clear career paths;

and foster a culture of equity and belonging

where everyone, everywhere can thrive. Training and development
resources that position
employees for key roles

1
= and future leadership

Culture programs that foster
inclusion and transparency
through "open-door"

access to senior leaders,
ensuring all of our

people feel connected,
valued and encouraged

to speak their minds

positions by supporting
their professional and
personal growth

No One Better
Connects
the World

Volunteer opportunities with nonprofit partners
that make a difference in local communities

--- PAGE 16 END ---

Community Environment Governance Appendix 17 FULL REPORT [2

DELTA

Introduction Safety People

Employee Engagement

Business Resource Groups Foster Inclusion

With over 20,000 members, our 12 Business Resource
Groups (BRGs) add value to Delta by offering key
insights on business strategies, customer offerings
and employee perspectives through their unique

lens. Also, BRGs support a sense of belonging for all
and help make connections across the business.

We build a high-performance culture by engaging employees and listening to their feedback.

We foster a culture of engagement through a wide range of programs:

B-DAY EXECUTIVE VELVET
Half-day onboarding STATION VISITS Over the past 18 years, Delta has hosted a
experience for new Town hall-style conference experience known as VELVET

~7,000

Employees engaged in 2024 ABLE - Disability

ADELANTE - Latin America and Hispanic

hires to learn about listening and feedback or our frontline employees. Billed as
Delta's business, brand, sessions where senior he ultimate employee engagement 15 BOLD - Black
culture and history leaders have candid experience, VELVET allows frontline Sessions :

. : . : F . DESI - South Asia
while connecting with conversations with employees to meet and hear directly from
fellow team members frontline employees senior leaders and share their feedback 4 8/5 EQUAL - LGBTQ+

o help shape the company's future. FUSION - Asia-Pacific

Overall satisfaction score
for participants

VELVET is offered multiple times a year,
in various cities, reaching roughly 7,000
Delta people annually. Employees learn
about company strategy and key initiatives
rom our CEO and other senior executives
55 at every VELVET. They attend breakout
sessions to hear from their divisional
eadership, participate in Q&A sessions
with the CEO and other executives,
and enjoy an evening of networking
130 with their peers and Delta leaders.
Visits to 53 stations

4,000

Employees
engaged in 2024

23,600

Employees
engaged in 2024

GENGAGE - Multigenerational Workforce

GREEN UP - Sustainability

SHE - Women
VETERANS - Veterans and Armed Forces

WORKING FAMILIES - Working
Parents and/or Caregivers

YALLAH - Middle East and North Africa

Executive leaders
participated

Leaders also share how Delta continues
to invest in our employees and

support frontline teams as they work
together across divisions to care for
our customers and each other.

8% 9%

Of Delta employees
participate in more
than one BRG

Growth year over
year in the number of
Delta employees who
belong to a BRG

--- PAGE 17 END ---

People Community Environment

Engagement Surveys

We continually engage our people through

our open-door policy, employee engagement
groups and Business Resource Groups, in-
person events with senior management, digital
communications and surveys to evaluate
employee satisfaction. We recently adopted a
more holistic approach to employee listening
in line with the level of sophistication Delta
employs in listening to our customers.

In 2024, we conducted a Total Rewards Survey
to gather feedback on the total package of
compensation and benefits our people receive,
also known as Total Rewards. We collected
35,000 responses, with participants ranking
employee travel benefits as the No. 1 reason
they want to work at Delta. Based on the
survey feedback, we introduced several pass
travel changes for 2025 aimed at providing
greater flexibility and opportunities for
employees' family and friends to travel.

Also in 2024, we saw record participation in our
Employee Engagement Survey, with over 42,000
employees participating and sharing almost 68,000
comments. Survey feedback that financial health
remained top of mind for employees influenced
Delta's decision to extend our Emergency Savings
Program beyond 2025, when it had been set to
expire. In addition, the 2024 Employee Engagement
Survey included a new Purpose category.

Governance

Appendix 18 FULL REPORT [2

Work anniversaries are so important at Delta that
we even put our own spin on the name: Deltaversary,
a day to celebrate and check in on each employee.

In 2024, we expanded the Deltaversary

Survey to include all corporate (salaried merit)
employees, in addition to frontline employees.

Delta uses employee feedback to inform
investments in our people and provide senior leaders
with actionable insights concerning programs and
policies. Leaders receive aggregated results for

their teams, with Employee Engagement Survey
responses remaining confidential. The Delta Board
Council, comprising employee representatives from
every major noncontract operating division, relays
employee feedback, perspectives and suggestions
directly to our executives and Board of Directors.

67.9K

Comments provided by 56% of Employee
Engagement Survey participants

83

Average engagement score for the 2024
survey (increased from 80 in 2023)

85

Average score for the new Purpose survey category
(out of a 100-point scale)

We listen to our people and respond
to their needs through tools like

our annual engagement survey -
and we look for new ways to care

for them to support their physical,
emotional and financial well-being."

ALLISON AUSBAND
EVP and Chief People Officer

--- PAGE 18 END ---

DELTA

Recognizing

Introduction

People
a

Safety

Community

Environment

Governance

Appendix 19

We celebrate and reward the contributions of our people, while fostering deep engagement, through several core programs:

UNSTOPPABLE TOGETHER

This program encourages
peer-to-peer and manager-
to-employee recognition in

real time. Managers can also
recognize their team members
with Delta Difference points that
can be redeemed for SkyMiles,
gift cards and much more.

126K

Total recipients through
2024 (since the program
launch in 2022)

1.3B Points
Worth $13M, awarded
to employees since the
program's launch

DELTA LEADERSHIP
EXCELLENCE AWARD
Introduced in 2024, the Delta
Leadership Excellence Award
is bestowed upon divisionally
selected frontline operational
leaders who are driving our
culture and are working to
increase frontline team members'
engagement and performance.
This award recognizes the
servant leadership of selected
operational leaders and

their dedication to create a
thriving frontline workforce.

100

Awarded in 2024

CHAIRMAN'S CLUB

Delta's premier annual global
recognition program honors 100
employees who continuously
demonstrate our core values

and embody "the spirit of

Delta." Following a competitive
nomination and selection process,
he honorees are recognized and
celebrated with their families

and peers at a red-carpet event
and black-tie gala. In 2024,
his program involved 21,201
employees in 2024, including
nominators, nominees and
eaders recognizing their people.

9,747
ominated in 2024

SHOW OUR TEAM SOME LOVE
New in 2024, the Show Our
Team Some Love Program
enables customers to share
positive experiences and
interactions more easily and
directly with employees.

12K

Recognitions extended
from customers directly
to employees in 2024

FULL REPORT |7

--- PAGE 19 END ---

—

Environment

Appendix 20

v7

Introduction Governance

DELTA People

Safety Community FULL REPORT [2

Talent Management

At Delta, we equip our people to "Keep
Climbing" in their careers through
comprehensive training, development and

Skills-First Approach to Talent

We believe a candidate's skills, background and
experience can be just as important as traditional

mentorship opportunities. We focus on 77% 35% education. That's why we embrace a Skills-First
achieving equitable outcomes for all people val approach to hiring and development, one that
h . it-based Of corporate and Of corporate and PP ; id i didat P d " ,
through our merit-based approach. management management ne ) ore i candl a an ee whee
In 2024, we continued to support our people's jobs were openings filled MA ED UTS SPE ESE ISSA SO UTS OPO ARS
f f a , : : that can help them build a successful career at
strong interest in development opportunities. We filled with with talent from an ‘
Delta. By shifting to a deep understanding of

further enhanced our iGrow online learning portal internal talent frontline roles
of skills-based training and career development
resources, adding new growth paths and skill
builders aligned with Delta's core skills and values.
Additionally, we expanded our library of digital
self-paced learning, incorporating more options

for technical skill development, as well as content

employees' skills as equivalencies to education,
Delta is able to more effectively leverage our
people and connect them to more personalized
3,629 | and relevant development experiences.
Employees made lateral moves
or were promoted internally

To better understand, develop and employ our
people's skills, we piloted the Delta Talent Hub in

aligned with the most re
Our people's use of iGro

quested opportuni
w resources increa

ies.
sed

2024. The Delta Talent Hu
in recent years to create a

b pilot builds on our work
axonomy of standardized

by 64% in 2024 over the prior year. In addition, 7,461 486 skills across the enterprise and then map those
lelta Way oun ational leadership training program. employees hired our foundational Ta 5 liebe) ly A Pp: ; q
The L365 Training focuses on three core elements: . . skills and proficiencies to 100% of Delta's roles.
and trained leadership

values-based leadership, building team culture,
and driving individual and team performance.

To facilitate career development, we solidified skill
sets and development paths for all of our people
leader and individual contributor core skills.

training, L365

6% 24,733 R

Attrition rate Employees Vv

(1.4% lower than opted into Read more about employee
2023, as more development training on our website
employees remained training

with Delta)

TALENT MANAGEMENT [7

--- PAGE 20 END ---

DELTA Introduction

People Community Environment

Our Approach to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

At Delta, we believe when we reflect
and respect the world, we're able to
better connect and serve our global
customers. This approach has been
core to our business strategy.

Our performance is our proof. Operational
excellence, business growth, talent retention,
increased innovation, world-class reliability,
and customer engagement, satisfaction
and loyalty are the result of hiring the

best, most qualified people! Delta delivers
on its commitments to shareholders by
providing opportunities for all. Responsibly
stewarding our resources means using
them to create a world of possibilities and
driving social impact for every one of our
100,000 employees — without regard to
race, religion or gender — to thrive.

@

Read more about diversity on our website

OUR APPROACH TO DIVERSITY, [a
EQUITY & INCLUSION

Today, 11% of Delta employees are
veterans, and veterans make up 7%
of Delta leaders. We continue to
provide veteran-specific resources
for employment, health and well-
being, and support the growth of our
Veterans Business Resource Group,
which already boasts 2,473 members.

We're dedicated to being an industry
leader in closing the gap between
employees' needs and the material
security they deserve. We champion fair
living wages and economic opportunities
that ensure secure, stable futures for

our employees and their families.

We are always hiring or promoting the
best and most qualified talent. We aspire
for our senior leadership team to reflect the
diversity of backgrounds and experiences
of our more than 100,000 employees.

FULL REPORT |7

Delta's DEI Strategy

DRIVING SOCIAL IMPACT FOR
EVERYONE, EVERYWHERE TO THRIVE

We actively value diversity by hiring highly
qualified candidates with diverse backgrounds and
skills and supporting and uplifting our employees,
customers, communities and business partners
that reflect and respect the world we serve

We boldly pursue equity, with an emphasis on the
workforce, community and supply chain, creating
fair and open access to opportunities for all.

We consciously promote inclusion,

building on Delta's culture of listening and
engagement to foster greater understanding
and a sense of belonging for all.

--- PAGE 21 END ---

ADELTA

Our Commitment to
Equity and Inclusion

We are working to achieve
equitable, merit-based
outcomes for all employees
through actions aligned with
our three DEI focus areas.

Introduction Safety People

Community Environment

Strive to Reflect the
World We Serve

Delta aims to reinforce our talent pipeline by, among other things,
expanding our recruitment efforts and seeking qualified interview
panelists of various backgrounds and different experiences.

INSPIRING FUTURE AVIATORS FROM

UNDERREPRESENTED GROUPS

Each year, Delta invites students from underrepresented groups
to come fly with crews in whom they can see themselves. In
celebration of Girls in Aviation Day, we partnered with Women

in Aviation International to host our eighth Aviation Women
Inspiring the Next Generation Flight. A flight piloted, staffed
and crewed entirely by women brought 136 girls ages 11-18 from
Atlanta to NASA's Kennedy Space Center to introduce them to
careers in aviation and engage directly with women in these roles.

Another program, DREAM Flight, is a special charter flight
featuring an all-Black crew that carries Black students from
Atlanta to an aviation-themed destination each year in partnership
with the Organization of Black Aerospace Professionals (OBAP).
We commemorated our 24th annual DREAM Flight with Delta
First Officer Kyle Foley as pilot - revisiting his experience as a
12-year-old passenger on our first-ever DREAM Flight in 2000.
Delta's partnership with OBAP has given 21 Black students
opportunities to better understand pathways to aviation careers.

Read more about how we're engaging
youth from underrepresented communities

COMMUNITY >

Governance

Appendix 22 FULL REPORT [2

Create Merit-Based
Access to Career Pathways

We work to expand our internal and external career

pathways and leadership development opportunities, in
part, by introducing a Skills-First talent approach, which

creates merit-based access to career opportunities
by considering skills as equivalencies to education.

PROGRESS AND HIGHLIGHTS

* Required no college degree for 77% of all

job openings filled externally in 2024

Assigned talent acquisition liaisons to

Business Resource Groups to advance

our Skills-First hiring strategy

* Expanded our K-12 outreach in underserved
communities to proactively address projected
pilot and mechanic pipeline gaps

PARTNERING TO MATCH MILITARY

SERVICE WITH DELTA ROLES

In line with our journey to expand our talent pipeline,
in 2024, Delta partnered with the U.S. Army as part
of its Partnership for Your Success (PaYS) program.

PaYS is a strategic partnership between the U.S.
Army and select employers that connects enlisting
soldiers and Reserve Officers' Training Corps
cadets to interviews and potential full-time jobs
following their military service. Delta posts full-
time positions to the PaYS database that match
with the job skills offered by the U.S. Army, U.S.
Army National Guard and U.S Army Reserve.

w FOCUS AREA

Cultivate Leadership That
Reflects Our Diverse Workforce

We aspire to have our senior leadership
team reflect the diversity of backgrounds
and experiences of our 100,000-plus
employees. Delta encourages this by
adopting recruitment strategies that
seek the most qualified leadership
candidates with diverse experiences,
skills and perspectives and expanding
leadership development programs to
continue promoting from within.

PROGRESS AND HIGHLIGHTS

* Included 10 historically Black
colleges and universities in
our recruitment efforts

* Supported over 200 veterans
through virtual and in-person sessions
focused on helping them succeed
in their first 90 days in civilian roles,
and participated in job fairs to help
military spouses find employment
opportunities, reinforcing our
commitment to the military community

* Prepared our employees for key
roles and future leadership positions
through a variety of training
and development programs

--- PAGE 22 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

Compensation and Benefits

Our employees go the extra mile to deliver
unparalleled, award-winning customer service,
driving strong performance for the company. In
turn, Delta offers industry-leading compensation,
holistic wellness programs and career development
opportunities to help our people thrive.

Delta's Total Rewards Package

It is our firm belief that when Delta is successful
in achieving operational and service goals, every
employee shares in the company's success. Our
philosophy is to provide industry-leading total
rewards for industry-leading performance.

BASE PAY

Our goal is for our people, regardless of their roles,

to build a long-term career with Delta. In 2025, we
announced a 4% base pay increase for ground employees
and flight attendants, along with a 4% pool for merit!
employees, which will take effect in June 2025. This is
the 4th annual increase post-pandemic, following 5%
increases in 2024 and 2023 and a 4% increase in 2022.

Delta pays frontline (customer facing) employees
highly competitive rates based on fixed pay scales

by role. As they progress along the pay scale during
their first 12 years at Delta, our frontline employees
will receive cumulative pay rate increases of 100%t+,
in addition to our annual base pay increases. In 2024,
Delta increased minimum starting pay to $19 per hour
for Airport Customer Service agents, Reservation

and Care agents, and TechOps Stock Attendants.

For merit employees, we consider individual
performance, market competitiveness and internal
equity when determining base pay. For the past three

People Environment

Community

years, we have increased the merit budget to match the
general increase in pay scales for frontline employees.

ANNUAL PROFIT SHARING

Delta's industry-leading Profit Sharing Program
recognizes every employee's contribution to
meeting our financial target. No other airline
shares more of its profits with employees.

We calculate annual profit-sharing payouts based

on our Profit Sharing Plan formula. Each year Delta
earns a profit, we pay eligible employees worldwide
10% of adjusted profits up to $2.5 billion, and 20%

of adjusted profits over $2.5 billion. Payments are
awarded on February 14, our annual Profit Sharing Day.

For 2024, Delta paid out $1.4 billion in profit
sharing. It was the eighth year Delta has
shared more than $1 billion in profits.

SHARED REWARDS

Our Shared Rewards Program is another way we
share our success. This monthly operational incentive
is tied to operational goals related to baggage
handling, completion factor, on-time arrivals and
domestic Net Promoter Score. Eligible employees

can earn up to $1,200 annually. In 2024, Delta
employees earned $86 million in Shared Rewards.

RETIREMENT AND 401(K)
Delta's primary 401(k) plan includes an automatic
company contribution equal to 3% of eligible earnings

for most ground and flight attendant employees. We

also match 100% of employee contributions up to 6% of
eligible earnings. For employees who contribute 6%, the
combined contribution results in a total retirement savings
of 15% - a target many financial advisors recommend.

Governance

Appendix 23 FULL REPORT [2

$1.4B $10B

Paid to employees Shared with

in 2025 from employees since
2024 profits 2015 through

= 10% of each industry-leading
employee's eligible Profit Sharing
earnings Program

SHARED REWARDS

$86M

In Shared Rewards earned for
2024 operational performance

401(K)

OF GROUND, FLIGHT ATTENDANT
AND MERIT EMPLOYEES

94%
Made 401¢k)
contributions

87%

Received the full
6% matching
contribution in 2024

Merit contributors are paid a salary based on benchmark data
from their peers at Delta and a multiple industries and

ies spanning skill and rience to

an hourly
and flexible
clude

customer

--- PAGE 23 END ---

ee

DELTA

Introduction Safety People Environment

Community

Delta is committed to ensuring all employees
are compensated equitably for comparable
duties, responsibilities and skills. Frontline
employees are paid an hourly rate based on
length of service in their respective roles, and
all employees are informed of where they stand
on the pay scale. We routinely benchmark
against peer companies and conduct pay
equity analyses for merit employees.

Governance

Appendix 24 FULL REPORT [2

Other Total Rewards Programs

Delta's Total Rewards Program goes beyond
compensation. In addition to paid vacation,
personal time and maternity and parental leave,
we offer a choice of medical insurance programs
and holistic wellness programs. Learn more about
our best-in-class wellness benefits in Wellness.

Among our most popular benefits, Delta employees
can take advantage of several travel-related perks.
These include unlimited standby privileges to any
Delta destination; discounts on Delta-confirmed
airfare, Delta Vacations and Delta Cargo; and
savings on hotel reservations and car rentals.
Additionally, Delta provides basic life insurance to
all domestic employees (other than officers), as well
as access to other voluntary benefits at group rates.

Union Representation and
Collective Bargaining

Delta is known for its culture centered on
taking care of our people so that they can
take care of our customers. We support
our people throughout their career.

That means respecting all employees' legal rights,
including the right to collective bargaining. Our
U.S.-based employees are covered by the Railway
Labor Act (RLA), the federal law governing labor
relations between air carriers and their employees.
Under the RLA, employees have the right to
decide whether they wish to be represented by

a union or to reject union representation.

Because this is an important decision, it is necessary
that Delta people have accurate information when
making it, which is why, in compliance with the law,
Delta shares facts about union representation and
the impact it could have on how we work together.

Delta also has written policies that
support our people's right to advocate
for or against union representation:

* Solicitation and advocacy activities by Delta
people on Delta premises are permitted. These
activities, including distribution of advocacy
information, should occur in nonwork and
nonoperation areas, such as break rooms
and employee lounges. Advocates can of
course conduct organizing efforts outside
of Delta workspaces on personal time.

* Employees may display their support for a
union or other cause on their uniform via
a lapel pin of the appropriate size. Other
items (such as clothing) that express
support for or opposition to a union may
be worn or displayed in nonwork areas.

* Delta does not tolerate harassment, bullying
or intimidation of any employee, whether
advocating for or against a union.

Only two groups of Delta employees are
represented by unions: pilots and dispatchers.
Certain employees outside of the United States
are also represented by unions, work councils
or other local representative groups.

--- PAGE 24 END ---

DELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 25 FULL REPORT [2
>. .

- Dike: f Wellness

Delta strives to support the physical, possible through regularly surveying our people
emotional, social and financial wellness of our about their holistic wellness and tailoring our (
employees. When our people thrive, they help benefits to enable them to live their best lives (see

Assessing Our People's Wellness Needs below). DELTA RANKED NO. 2
On Indeed's 2024 Work Wellbeing 100

our customers and communities thrive, too.

Delta believes in the virtuous circle, which is why Assessing Our People's
we invest in an ecosystem of benefits that helps Wellness Needs This award signifies our commitment to
Delta people be their best and, in turn, take the best the physical, emotional, financial and social

Our 12-question Flourishing Index Survey, wellness of our employees and their families.
developed by researchers at Harvard University,
provides a quantitative assessment of total

care of Delta's customers. By focusing on wellness,
Delta enables purpose, belonging and affinity among
employees. This leads the Delta people to go above

and beyond for each other and for our customers. wellness supplemented with qualitative R

This people-first philosophy helps Delta achieve interviews with employees. Insights from Vv

a culture of safety, high performance and care. recent Flourishing Index Surveys influenced the Read more about wellness on our website
; ; launch of Delta's Emergency Savings Program

Delta's benefits and resources have always been (see below) and other wellness benefits.

shaped by employee feedback to make sure we are

In addition, our leaders regularly
engage with employees one-on-one
to assess their wellness needs.

providing rewarding compensation, holistic wellness
resources and fulfilling career journeys. This is

& Delta Wellness Areas of

Delta Wellness is focused on the physical, emotional, and social health and wellbeing of Delta people, and contributes to our Safety-First and People-
First culture. The team is committed to caring for Delta people when they face any expected or unexpected challenges in their health and wellness.

Use data-driven insights Transform employer-led Help our people find timely Transform the first mile of health
from listening to our people health care with best-in- access to medical and mental and enable our people to live well
to inform our investments class benefit design health care providers with the by eating better, moving better,

highest quality and experience resting and connecting better

--- PAGE 25 END ---

DELTA ate tio Safety People Community n 1 erna x FULL REPORT |2

Community

28 Charitable Giving

33 Employee Fundraising and Volunteerism

--- PAGE 26 END ---

Community Overview

Giving back is in Delta's blood - literally.
In 1941, the year Delta moved to Atlanta,
we launched a partnership with the
American Red Cross to operate blood
drives and have been doing so ever
since. As Delta grew into a global airline,
our commitment to positively impact
the communities where our employees
live, work and serve grew in turn. Giving
back to our communities has been

core to Delta's culture and mission to
connect the world for 100 years. While
committing 1% of profits, we invest

our time, skills and resources through
partnerships with local, national and
global nonprofits and other strategically
aligned organizations to drive progress
in our pillars of focus: environment,
equity, education and entire wellness.

ADELTA Introduction Safety

People Community Environment

@>_ Delta's Community
Investment Pillars

ENVIRONMENT 6S

Cultivating sustainable and livable
communities locally as we combat
climate change globally

EQUITY

Pursuing a more fair and just world by
expanding economic opportunity for all while
closing the access gap for future generations

EDUCATION Sy

Connecting tomorrow's employees,
customers and communities with
skills and experiences they need to
take on the world with purpose

ENTIRE WELLNESS

Nurturing all the aspects of wellness - physical,
emotional, financial, social and more - to
prepare members of our communities

for thriving futures and flourishing lives

Governance Appendix 27 FULL REPORT [2

Expectations for companies to be leaders in civic
engagement continue to increase. Delta Air Lines
demonstrates how to maximize the full range of their assets -
from people power to policy to financial contributions -
to meet pressing needs and create thriving communities
where they live and work. We're thrilled to uplift and
celebrate them as an honoree of The Civic 50 2024."

(-s) JENNIFER SIRANGELO
.] President and CEO, Points of Light

+ 2024 by the Numbers

~$65M $18M

In charitable giving Fundraised by
from Delta Air Lines Delta employees
and The Delta Air and customers to
Lines Foundation support longtime
nonprofit partners

124K hours

Spent by Delta people across the globe giving back
to the communities where we live, work and serve

by participating in activities such as tree plantings,
job shadows and beach cleanups, to name a few

--- PAGE 27 END ---

2024 Corporate Citizenship
47\\ Awards and Recognition

7TH YEAR IN A ROW

The Civic 50

Delta was recognized by Points
of Light as one of the 50 most
community-minded companies in
the United States for the seventh
year in a row, earning the top spot
in the Integration dimension and
being named Industrials Sector
Leader for a second year running.

=

2024 PEOPLE® Companies that Care
Great Place To Work ranked

Delta 30 out of 100 top

companies on the 2024 PEOPLE®
Companies that Care List.

No. 1 Corporate Blood

Drive Sponsor

Employees, retirees and customers
contributed a record 15,585 units

< of blood to the American Red

3 Cross in fiscal year 2024 (year-
end June 30), making Delta the

< No. 1U.S. corporate blood drive
=~ sponsor for seven years in a row.
2
= = = —s eee
i—4
rae > 7 ss
a Se eae sé ee

ADELTA Introduction Safety

Governance Appendix 28 FULL REPORT [2

Charitable Giving

Aligned with our four giving pillars,

Delta Air Lines and The Delta Air Lines
Foundation tailor our giving to answer and
anticipate community needs. We ensure
our communities "Keep Climbing" by
working at the frontlines of innovation to
support the planet and the people on it.

©

Environment

We help cultivate more sustainable,
livable communities locally as we
combat climate change globally.

Delta Air Lines and The Delta Air Lines
Foundation have contributed $15.5 million since
2019 to support Global Citizen's efforts to
deliver on the 2030 United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals. Global Citizen is an
advocacy platform dedicated to addressing
climate change, poverty and inequality.

Through our partnership with Clean Miami Beach
and others, Delta sponsors coastal cleanups and
educational programs to raise awareness of the
harmful effects of plastic pollution on the marine
environment. Our volunteers collect plastic debris
and litter at beach cleanups throughout the year.
In June, we joined forces with Korean Air in Los
Angeles International Airport for a team-building
competition in partnership with Heal The Bay
that removed hundreds of pounds of litter along
the shore next to the Santa Monica Pier.

To help tackle urban heat and create equitable,
healthy neighborhoods, Delta sponsors tree
plantings and other green space enhancements
in nine markets, including projects with

Trees Atlanta, TreePeople in Los Angeles,
Speak for the Trees in Boston, Forterra in
Seattle and MANG Foundation in Miami. For
the past four years, Delta volunteers have
supported the MANG Foundation's mission

to rebuild Florida's mangrove ecosystems by
donating their time at MANG's plant nursery
and in the field for in-the-wild plantings.

--- PAGE 28 END ---

DELTA Introduction People Community Environment Governance Appendix 29 FULL REPORT [2
SS

Equity

We work to provide equitable access to quality
education, economic mobility and sustainable
careers for underserved communities.

Delta supports the Equal Justice Initiative (EJI)
in our shared commitment to protect basic
human rights for the most vulnerable people

in American society and create equitable
outcomes for all. To date, more than 2,000
Delta employees have traveled to EJI's Legacy
Museum and National Memorial for Peace and
Justice in Montgomery, Alabama, to better
understand history and the need for individuals
and corporations to be part of advancing equity.

Continuing the work of icons of the Civil Rights
Movement, Delta has contributed to organizations
and initiatives founded in honor of the Rev. Martin
Luther King Jr, Ambassador Andrew J. Young, Rep. Where Fly Meets Fly Celebrating Pride
John Lewis, Rev. C.T. Vivian, Rev. Joseph Lowery, Rev.
Hosea Williams, Xernona Clayton and Hank Aaron.

In 2024, Delta made its first appearance Delta sponsored or participated in 25 Pride events
at the ESSENCE Festival of Culture in New worldwide in 2024, including the annual Canal
Orleans, which is deemed the ultimate Parade in Amsterdam, where employees from
celebration of Black culture. We welcomed Delta and our partner airline KLM took to the
thousands of travelers upon arrival and canals in an airplane-shaped boat to demonstrate
connected with multigenerational Black our global community support. Crowds turned
women through shared values. We invited out to watch 80 decorated boats celebrating
Miss National UNCF and Campus Queens that year's Canal Parade theme, "Together We
from five historically Black colleges and Shine." In the United Kingdom, Delta and our
universities to serve as our Campus Fly partner airline Virgin Atlantic co-sponsored

Girl ambassadors. Through our partnership the popular Brighton & Hove Pride for the first
with UNCF, we also granted each of the five time. Over 300,000 people, including more
students a $10,000 merit scholarship and than 100 Delta and Virgin Atlantic colleagues,
$10,000 in needs-based scholarships to lined the streets to support the 2024 theme

each of the queens' respective universities. of JOY: Celebrating Life, Spirit, Resilience.

--- PAGE 29 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA

Education

We take a Skills-First approach to building the
purpose-driven workforce of tomorrow.

Safety

As the official airline of the National Flight Academy
(NFA) since 2013, Delta has funded more than 3,000
scholarships for middle and high school students

to attend a six-day, immersive learning experience
aboard an NFA virtual aircraft carrier to inspire

and build on their interest in science, technology,
engineering and mathematics careers. Through one
of these experiences, the annual All-Girls Week in
2024, Delta hosted 144 female students, providing
an opportunity for them to be exposed to a variety of
careers in aviation and encouraging them to pursue
roles that were historically not open to them.

Community Environment

People

Delta supports 20 YMCA chapters on three
continents through activities that include
after-school programs, tutoring, swim lessons
and career-exploration opportunities.

Since 2013, Delta volunteers have built 42 playgrounds
with KABOOM! across 16 U.S. markets and revitalized
five urban spaces to be playgrounds and green spaces
with Trust for Public Land. Our long-term partnership
underscores the importance of play in education and
working to eliminate the inequities of play spaces.

part of Delta's support of 10 Knowledge is Power
gram (KIPP) schools across the United States,
Delta pilots hosted a solar eclipse watch party in April
in the path of totality near Austin, Texas, for students
at KIPP Paseo Primary and Preparatory schools.

vu
rz

@

Read more about our

KABOOM! volunteerism

CREATING PLAY SPACES [2
WITH KABOOM!

Bit

og ~ 2H
~
(a

Governance

i} LL se
ae Pome | |

Y LA

Appendix 30

FULL REPORT [7

Education for the Real World

Delta partners with innovative education
leaders, including Junior Achievement (JA)

and 3DE, that are inspiring

students

worldwide with relevant, experiential
learning that connects to the real world.

We support 3DE programming at 60 public
high schools in 13 U.S. states to further

equitable access to quality
uses interdisciplinary learn

education. 3DE
ing and real-world

experiences to prepare high school students
for careers in a fast-changing economy through
critical thinking, problem-solving, analytical

reasoning, communication

and collaboration.

Delta partners with 30 JA chapters across five

continents to teach studen
wor
Delta partnered with JA Eu

s financial literacy,

readiness and entrepreneurship. In 2024,

rope to host the

inaugural Sustainable Skies Challenge, which
challenges the continent's brightest young minds
to formulate innovative sustainable aviation
solutions. The winning team among three

finalists selected to presen

to Delta leaders at

our Atlanta headquarters was a pair of students

from the Netherlands with
the airline food supply chai

Additionally, we celebrated

the idea of making
n more sustainable.

25 years of partnership

with JA Nigeria with a sustainable innovation
competition. A dozen student companies

comprising secondary stud

ents from across the

nation demonstrated their solutions to pressing
societal issues. The Delta Girls LEAD! Award

was given out at the event, granting winners a
trip to the JA Girls Leadership Camp in Ghana.

To help students envision themselves in a career
in aviation, Delta and JA hosted Job Shadow Days.
At the Miami International Airport, volunteers
from Delta and joint venture partner LATAM
Airlines Group guided high school students
through a "day in the life" in various aviation
careers. Our JA Job Shadow Day at the Mexico
City International Airport was especially eye-
opening for its eight participants - many of whom
had never been in an airport. The event was an
opportunity for the students to engage with
aviation professionals from Delta and our joint
cooperation agreement partner, Aeroméxico.

JA —
& Africa, ~~

cm ADELTA ADELT

--- PAGE 30 END ---

ADELTA

Entire Wellness

We partner with organizations to support all
aspects of wellness for our community members.

Introduction Safety

Delta's longest-standing nonprofit partnership,
with the American Red Cross, dates back to
1941. During fiscal year 2024 (ending June
30), Delta employees, retirees and customers
contributed 15,585 units of blood, collected at
373 drives in 83 locations across the country.

People Community Environment

We support global disaster relief and international
humanitarian aid through the American Red Cross
and the Global Red Cross Movement. In addition to
The Delta Air Lines Foundation's $1 million grant as
an Annual Disaster Giving Program partner, Delta
contributed $1 million to the American Red Cross for
relief efforts after Hurricanes Helene and Milton.

In 2024, Delta and The Delta Air Lines Foundation
contributed more than $2.5 million to support 19
children's hospitals globally, including St. Jude
Children's Research Hospital (United States),
Great Ormond Street Hospital (United Kingdom),
Emma Children's Hospital (Netherlands) and
Mayo Clinic Children's Center (United States).

Through our partnership with Habitat for
Humanity, Delta has contributed financial
and volunteer support to help build or rehab
287 homes in 13 countries since 1995.

Read about our volunteerism
with Habitat for Humanity

BUILDING HOMES WITH ATLANTA 2
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY

Delta also supports the National Alliance on
Mental Illness, the nation's largest grassroots
mental health organization, to help raise
awareness and provide assistance and education
to those in need. Delta takes the mental health
concerns of our people seriously, as we invest

in the health and well-being of our employees,
customers, communities and partners.

Governance

Appendix 31 FULL REPORT [2

Marking 40 Years of Food Bank

Partnership, With Honey on Top

Delta provides more than 100,000 meals annually
to those in need through our partnerships with

21 food banks on three continents. In 2024,

we commemorated 40 years of partnership

with the Atlanta Community Food Bank

(ACFB) with a day of service - and honey from
beehives at our Atlanta headquarters that are
maintained by Bee Downtown beekeepers.

Starting in the morning, Delta people and SkyMiles
members at the ACFB gifted jars of the local honey
to guests. By the end of the day, our volunteers
working at the ACFB had sorted over 15,000 pounds
of potatoes to contribute to 12,000 meals and given
1,500 jars of honey to families the food bank serves.

Supporting Breast
Cancer Research

Over our 19-year partnership with the
Breast Cancer Research Foundation
(BCRF), Delta has raised $28 million for
lifesaving breast cancer research and
supported 112 research projects. In honor
of Breast Cancer Awareness month in
October, we organize an annual Breast
Cancer One charter flight to recognize Delta
people who are battling or have battled
breast cancer. Additionally, Delta sells
co-branded Delta and BCRF merchandise,
with all proceeds benefiting BCRF.

In line with our ongoing support for health
initiatives across Africa and around the
world, Delta partnered with Breast Cancer
International for the Walk for the Cure in
Ghana for the eighth year in a row. The
event helps raise awareness, dispel harmful
myths and raise funds for research.

--- PAGE 31 END ---

A DELTA

Combating Human Trafficking

In 2024, Delta was again the title sponsor of
the Wellspring Living Courage Gala, providing
critical funds for programming for survivors

of and those at risk of human trafficking.

Delta's commitment to stand against human
trafficking dates back to 2011, when we
became the first airline to sign the Code of
Conduct outlined by the organization End
Child Prostitution, Child Pornography and
Trafficking of Children for Sexual Purposes.
We became a founding member of the
Global Business Coalition Against Human
Trafficking the following year. Delta is also a
member of Transportation Leaders Against
Human Trafficking, a U.S. Department of
Transportation initiative designed to maximize
the transportation industry's collective
impact on ending human trafficking.

Since then, 65,000 of our customer-facing
employees have completed training to
identify and report human trafficking. Delta
partners with Freedom United to install
anti-trafficking tools and airport signage

to educate travelers on human trafficking
indicators. We also support the National
Human Trafficking Hotline, which connects
victims with services to get help.

People are precious - not property.
Knowing how many survivors traveled b
plane, we have a responsibility to act."

ALLISON AUSBAND
EVP and Chief People Offic

Governance Appendix 32 FULL REPORT [2

U
{9}

In 2024, for the third year in a row, Delta flew

48 WWII veterans back to Normandy, France, to
commemorate the 80th anniversary of the D-Day
invasion that catalyzed the war's end. In partnership
with Best Defense Foundation and with the
support of Michelin North America and Boeing,
Delta provided a charter flight directly to Deauville
Normandie Airport so veterans could celebrate
with 12 days of parades, school visits, ceremonies,
the official D-Day Commemoration and more.

After the vets returned home, Delta created a
community volunteer program that pairs members
of our Global Sales team with WWII veterans

to continue supporting them year-round.

In addition to offering travel benefits to active
service members traveling on orders or for
leisure, our commitment to veterans and their
families extends throughout the year:

* We provide professional development and
networking opportunities to current and former
members of the armed forces and their families.

* We support 10 United Service Organizations
(USO) chapters through sponsorship and
volunteer work, including assembling
care packages and serving hot meals. We
also support non-USO-affiliated military
lounges at the Detroit Metropolitan Airport,
Minneapolis-Saint Paul International
Airport and Miami International Airport.

Return to Normandy: Serving Those Who Serve

Delta's long-standing support for U.S. military members, veterans and their families runs deep,
dating back to post-World War Il (WWII when many former military pilots and mechanics
helped drive the airline's growth. Today, veterans represent 11% of our workforce.

We have aided the Marine Toys for Tots
Foundation for almost 20 years, contributing

more than $700,000 annually and providing
bicycles and toys to children in need in December.
In 2024, our TechOps team raised funds to

build 1,700 bikes and collected over 2,000

new toys for Toys for Tots to distribute.

We grant educational scholarships to the children
and spouses of fallen and disabled service members
through our partnership with Folds of Honor.

@

Read full details of the Return
to Normandy Program

RETURN TO NORMANDY 2024 |7

--- PAGE 32 END ---

DELTA Introduction Safety

Employee Fundraising
and Volunteerism

Delta people donate their time,
resources and expertise to make a
positive impact in our communities.

~124K Hours

Spent by Delta volunteers giving back to
our communities with their time and skills

Matching Gifts to Education Program

n 2024, The Delta Air Lines Foundation matched
$3.3 million in personal contributions made by
Delta employees, retirees and Board members to
eligible public and private nonprofit educational
institutions in the United States and its territories.
Through its Matching Gifts to Education
Program, The Delta Air Lines Foundation
matches these donations to accredited, eligible
nonprofit educational institutions, from pre-K
through postgraduate, up to $5,000 annually

per employee, retiree or Board member.

@

Read more about our volunteerism

VOLUNTEER ENGAGEMENT [7

NN ee

People Community

$18M

Raised by Delta employees
and customers for major
fundraisers in 2024,
including campaigns with

these longtime partners

AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY

$25M

Since 2002, including
$3 million in 2024

AMERICAN HEART
ASSOCIATION

$425K

Raised through the 2024
Greater Atlanta Heart
Walk, supporting research,
training and medical
breakthroughs to help end
heart disease and stroke

CHILDREN'S HEALTHCARE
OF ATLANTA

$270K

Supporting Atlanta's
Hughes Spalding Hospital

Environment Governance

BREAST CANCER RESEARCH
FOUNDATION

$28M
Since 2005, including

a record-breaking
$3 million in 2024

COVENANT HOUSE

$442K

Through the annual Sleep Out
event, when employees give
up their beds for a night in
solidarity with homeless youth

DELTA CARE AND
SCHOLARSHIP FUNDS

$2.5M

To help Delta employees
and retirees through
unforeseen hardships

UNITED WAY

$2.5M

Raised from employee and
customer contributions

to help communities in
need throughout the U.S.

Partnering With
SkyMiles Customers

Through the SkyWish Program, Delta
customers around the world can donate
miles from the SkyMiles Program to support:

Ill or wounded service members and
veterans undergoing medical treatment
or reuniting with their families

Volunteers building affordable housing
or assisting with disaster relief and
recovery during national emergencies

Children with life-threatening medical
conditions who are seeking care at
the best hospitals in the nation or
visiting their dream destinations

Human trafficking survivors

For the 10th year, Delta supported veterans
and active service members by matching
customer-donated miles throughout
November for National Veterans and
Military Families Month. We matched up
to a total of 10 million miles in SkyWish
donations to Fisher House Foundation's
Hero Miles Program and Luke's Wings
No Service Member Spends the Holidays
Alone campaign. The two programs

use donated miles to provide air travel

to wounded or ill service members and
veterans, as well as their families, while
they undergo treatment and recovery.

--- PAGE 33 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Governance

Environment

35 Our Path to Sustainability
39 Advancing Progress Toward Our Goals
47 Additional Climate-Related Disclosures

--- PAGE 34 END ---

ADELTA Introduction

Environment Overview

Safety

People

Community

Environment

Governance

\

Appendix

3}5)

FULL REPORT |7

Our Path to Sustainability

One of our most significant environmental impacts

is greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. According to
the International Air Transport Association (IATA),
the global aviation sector represents approximately
2% of total GHG emissions and is among the hardest
sectors to decarbonize. Our operations also generate
non-GHG emissions and waste materials.

Delta is proud of the progress we are making on our
Sustainability Strategy, and know we can't do it alone.
Many of the factors affecting the ability to reach our
goals are outside of our control. Addressing these
factors will require government policies and incentives,
research and development, and significant capital
allocation across the public and private sectors. As
outlined in this section, Delta is actively collaborating
within and beyond our industry to advance our

vision for a more sustainable future of flight.

--- PAGE 35 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 36 FULL REPORT [7

Delta's Sustainability Strategy
What We Fly How We Fly The Fuel We Use

To address our GHG and waste-related
impacts, Delta is pursuing short- and long- ge. D 4
term strategy focused on What We Fly, How { cS
We Fly and the Fuel We Use. Key levers of | 4
change include working to transition our fleet
to utilize more fuel-efficient aircraft, leveraging
innovation and collaboration to drive more

efficient operations and continuing efforts to D REVOLUTIONARY FLEET 4 THE TRAVEL EXPERIENCE CLEANER FUEL'

replace an increasing share of our traditional

jet fuel with sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). Improving fleet-wide fuel efficiency Reducing waste and delivering Addressing barriers to increase the
We are also working to transition our ground through ongoing renewal and working to more sustainable products and availability and affordability of SAF

support equipment (GSE) to electric power and reimagine What We Fly in a net-zero world amenities to our customers
cleaner fuels, and we continue to incorporate ,
more sustainable practices and products on
board our aircraft and across our operations. u

K EFFICIENT AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS D> 4S GROUND OPERATIONS AND FACILITIES

Continually improving What and How We Fly to maximize Reducing environmental impacts of GSE, facilities and other operations
the efficiency of our existing fleet and operations

SUPPLY CHAIN
Understanding and reducing environmental impacts associated with the goods and services we purchase to run our business

1 SAF is not emissions-free, but has lower lifecycle GHG emissions compared to conventional jet fuel because it is made with renewable feedstocks.

--- PAGE 36 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety People

Our Sustainability Targets

Delta is pursuing a range of near-, medium-
and long-term targets to support our
sustainability strategy and achieve our net-
zero goals, as summarized in the infographic.
For additional information about Delta's
plans and achievements in each area,

click on the title in each header row.

MILESTONE

NEAR-TERM

MID-TERM

LONG-TERM

Compared to 2019.

Community

Environment

nN

REVOLUTIONARY
FLEET >

2025
10+%

fuel-efficiency gains;'

5

partnerships with
revolutionary
tech players

2035
20+%
fuel-efficiency gains;'
1st

operation of mainline
revolutionary technology

2050
40+%

fuel-efficiency gains;'

25%
revolutionary
aircraft in fleet

Governance

4%

EFFICIENT AIRCRAFT
OPERATIONS >

2025
1%
fuel burn savings
from operational

improvements
(45M gallons)?

2035

3%
operational
fuel savings;
1.1B

gallons cumulative?

2050

5%
operational fuel
savings"

Appendix

ey

CLEANER
FUEL >

2030
10%
SAF usage

2035
35%
SAF usage

2050
95%
SAF usage

FULL REPORT |7

Cis)

GROUND OPERATIONS
AND FACILITIES >

2025
50%
GSE electrification;

5 hubs at 100%
of core fleet?

2035
100%

of hubs' GSE electrified;

renewable energy
powering operations

2050
100%

net-zero operations

ra

THE TRAVEL
EXPERIENCE >

2025
Minimize single-use
plastics on board

2035

65%

waste diversion
from landfill4

2050
100%

waste diversion
from landfill*

Compared to 2019 and relative to what would have been used had these fuel savings initiatives not been undertaken, and excluding efficiency improvements associated with fleet renewal
Core fleet consists of baggage tractors, belt loaders and aircraft tow tractors.
As it relates to customer onboard travel experience, excluding other aspects of aircraft operations.

SUPPLY
CHAIN |2

2025
100%

of preferred
vendors on a carbon
tracking system

2030
100%

of preferred vendors
with net-zero plans

2050
100%

net-zero supply chain

--- PAGE 37 END ---

DELTA Introduction Safety

Our Climate Strategy

We believe that addressing the climate
impact of aviation is essential to helping
meet global emissions goals while
preserving the vital role that air travel plays
in global connectivity and commerce. That
is why we continue to focus our strategy
on decarbonizing our airline operations and
value chain with the goal of achieving net-
zero emissions by 2050 and supporting
Delta's success for the next 100 years.

With around 90% of our GHG emissions
coming from jet fuel, achieving net-zero
emissions by 2050 depends on our ability
to successfully decarbonize our flight
operations. Our sustainability strategy
supports our net-zero goal by focusing on:

* What We Fly - e.g., transitioning our
fleet to more fuel-efficient aircraft
How We Fly - e.g., adopting new
technologies, procedures and other
strategies to improve fuel efficiency
The Fuel We Use - e.g., collaborating to
scale supply and reduce the cost of SAF

Progress will be shaped in part by our own actions,
and also by factors beyond our direct control,
including customer demand, technological
innovation, government policy and incentives,

and the activities and investments of others in our
industry and value chain. We remain committed to
ongoing collaboration with our industry partners,
policymakers and stakeholders and to monitoring
and adapting our strategy as conditions change.

Appendix 38 FULL REPORT [2

Delta's Projected Net-Zero Roadmap!

@
3 99
Y !
La 1
= !
!
|
32%
!
NO ACTION
PATHWAY
|
|
|
|
|
|
qT |
' |
! |
' I
| AT%)
|
NET-ZERO |
PATHWAY
1 ;
Tt 18 ' |
|
1 ! |
' ' |
|
|
|
j
19,
7%
| | | |
! !
2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050

1 The percentages reflected in this roadmap are our best estimates of the relative contribution needed from each strategy.

FLEET RENEWAL

EFFICIENT
OPERATIONS

REVOLUTIONARY
FLEET

CLEANER FUEL

CARBON
REMOVALS

--- PAGE 38 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

Advancing Progress
Toward Our Goals

The following sections detail key initiatives
and progress for each of the six core
components of our sustainability strategy.
Through these efforts, we continue

to prioritize measures that embrace
sustainable innovation to help reduce
emissions and minimize environmental
impacts throughout our operations while
providing a positive business benefit.

@

Read more about Supply Chain
and Environmental Compliance
and Stewardship

SUPPLY CHAIN |2

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE [2
AND STEWARDSHIP

People Community Environment

Revolutionary Fleet

Addressing our carbon footprint starts with What
We Fly. In the near term, Delta continues our fleet
renewal program by investing in state-of-the-art
aircraft that provide safe, reliable and premium
customer experiences while delivering superior
fuel efficiency and emissions reductions. We are
also actively looking toward the future, pursuing
partnerships and investments to support
revolutionary technologies such as new airframe
designs, electric propulsion, hydrogen and more.

AT A GLANCE In
Revolutionary Fleet
CORE CHALLENGE

Improving fleet-wide fuel efficiency through
ongoing renewal and breakthrough innovation

OUR ROLE

Partnering with innovators to
revolutionize What We Fly

WHAT WE'VE DONE SO FAR

* Took delivery of 38 next-generation
aircraft in 2024, including seven
Airbus A350s, to reduce fuel usage

* Improved fleet-wide fuel efficiency
6.6% per seat mile} delivering
significant savings in fuel cost.

Governance

Appendix 39 FULL REPORT [2

FUTURE AIRCRAFT INNOVATION

In the future, we anticipate the availability of

even more advanced aircraft technology with the
potential to further support our net-zero ambitions.
To explore and support the most promising
advancements, Delta continually seeks to partner
with researchers and disruptive innovators working
at the leading edge of sustainable aviation.

Delta has partnered with Airbus on the ZEROe project,
which aims to develop the first hydrogen-powered
commercial aircraft for market entry. In 2024, Delta
worked with Airbus, Plug Power and Hartsfield-Jackson
Atlanta International Airport (ATL) to explore the
potential for implementing hydrogen as an alternative
fuel source for future aircraft and ground equipment
operations. As one of the world's busiest airports,

ATL offers a unique opportunity for Delta and its
partners to better understand airport requirements
and fleet expectations for the use of hydrogen fuel
within an operational environment. With the study
scheduled for completion by 2026, we hope to use

the lessons learned to help facilitate the future use of
green hydrogen at ATL and across the Delta network.

n 2024, Boeing continued progress toward building the
X-66 demonstrator for its transonic truss-braced wing
design. Work included the removal of engines from
Delta-provided M90 aircraft, performing computational
analysis of wing/truss structural and aero design,

and performing extensive wind tunnel testing.

Delta is working to bring to market an all-electric vertical
takeoff and landing (eVTOL) air taxi home-to-seat
(airport) service with our partners at Joby Aviation. As
part of the first-of-its-kind arrangement, both companies
will work together to integrate Joby-operated eVTOL

service into Delta's existing hub airports in New York and
Los Angeles. This will further elevate and differentiate the
Delta travel experience in these strategic markets with
home-to-airport transportation for customers, providing
an opportunity to reserve seats for short-range zero-
operating-emissions journeys to and from city airports.

Supporting Aircraft ey.
Innovation With JetZero @

Delta is partnering with JetZero on a revolutionary
more sustainable aircraft that looks and feels like
nothing flying today's commercial skies. JetZero's
Blended Wing Body (BWB) design is expected to
be up to 50% more fuel efficient than aircraft in
operation today, with flight range and seat capacity
comparable to today's mid-market aircraft - all
with existing engine technology. Delta will provide
best-in-class operational expertise through its
Sustainable Skies Lab to bring the innovative BWB
aircraft to commercial viability and provide a safe
and elevated customer experience on board.

Developing Innovative Solutions &%
for Sustainable Aviation

The Sustainable Skies Lab continued to partner
with innovators to develop and test next-
generation technology aimed at reducing fuel
burn. This includes taking inspiration from
nature and leveraging biomimicry, such as
Airbus' fello'fly, a formation flying technique, and
MicroTau's riblet technology to reduce drag.

--- PAGE 39 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 40 FU! T [2

FLEET RENEWAL

Sustainability is one of the core pillars guiding
our fleet strategy and associated decisions
concerning capital allocation. Delta's goal is to
achieve a minimum of 20% improvement in
fleet-wide fuel efficiency by 2035, compared to
a base year of 2019, as well as reaching a long- SMALL NARROWBODY
term target of 40% improvement by 2050.

e New «© Retired Fuel efficiency as expressed in gallons per 1,000 available seat miles

: . Retired models: 717-200! | 737-700 | CRJ-200
In 2024, Delta took delivery of 38 next-generation cured mode's 00" |

1
aircraft, including seven Airbus A350s. On average, '
these new aircraft deliver 28% greater fuel efficiency (29% Saw
per seat mile than those Delta has retired since MORE
2019. Cumulatively, these efforts haveledtoa6.6% = = = 7S GrNSceeom EFFICIENT ----------~-
improvement in fleet-wide fuel efficiency since 2019,

while delivering significant savings in fuel costs.

LARGE NARROWBODY

Retired models: MD-88 | MD-90 | A320!

1
i
i)
:
i
(30% © 143
MORE '
EFFICIENT ---------->

WIDEBODY

Retired models: 767-300ER' | 777-200ER | 777-200LR

|
i)
|
|
(2% ous
MORE '

EFFICIENT ------~-

1 Partial fleet retirement.

--- PAGE 40 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction

Safety

People

In 2024, Delta took part in the third annual

Sustainab'
by the SkyTeam Alliance, this challenge

high
parti

ights

the goal o
the indust

"Bes

App

for embed

indic

ators

placed as

Solu

"

ion

testing in

cipating airlines around the world, with

for our paper cup, which began

, formerly known as The
e Flight Challenge. Organized

sustainability activities from

spurring innovation throughout
ry. Delta was named a winner for
roach to Roles and Responsibilities"
ding sustainability performance
across multiple divisions. Delta also
a finalist for "Best Scaled Inflight

previous SkyTeam challenges.

Environment Governance

Community

Appendix 41 FULL REPORT [2

Continually improving How We Fly

to incre

ase the efficiency of our

existing fleet and operations

Integrating

weight

he latest in smart routing,
reduction, innovative operational

processes and fleet enhancements

to incre

ase fuel savings

* Saved approximately 44 million gallons of
jet fuel, equivalent to over $100 million in
cost savings, in 2024' through initiatives like:

- Enh

- Red
and

- Aer

anced routing and landing procedures

uctions in catering service weight
new engine cleaning technologies

‘oCore foam engine washing

- New 717 Flaps 25 landing procedure
- Op

imized flight routing and speed.

+ Insta
Boein
and improving overall fuel efficiency.

led split-scimitar winglets on our
g 737-800 fleet, reducing drag

Efficient Aircraft Operations

Enhancing the efficiency of our aircraft operations
includes making changes to What We Fly (e.g.,
adding winglets or other modifications to improve
aerodynamics or reduce weight) and How We Fly
(e.g., enhancing landing procedures, optimizing
flight routing and improving speed). Delta's
Carbon Council, a cross-divisional group of senior
leaders, is responsible for leading this work and
driving reductions in fuel consumption in line
with our near-, medium- and long-term goals.

In 2024, Delta implemented three operational
changes to increase fuel savings. We adopted a
new engine wash program at five of our domestic
service hubs and across eight engine fleets. The new
wash solutions, developed by AeroCore, increases
engine performance and reduces fuel consumption
by using patented foam injection technology to
remove harmful deposits and contaminants. We
also collaborated with Boeing to certify a new
low-flaps landing procedure across our 717 fleet.
Finally, Delta has adopted GE Fuel Insight, an
application that combines full-flight aircraft data
with flight plan and fuel information to enhance
the identification of fuel-savings opportunities.

--- PAGE 41 END ---

Introduction Safety

ADELTA

The Carbon Council also oversees efforts to reduce
fuel use by optimizing aircraft weight. In 2022,
Delta piloted a program utilizing automated data
collection and artificial intelligence to track demand
for different types of soda on board. Initially tested
at a single hub, the detailed data from this study
provided insight on which sodas were consumed in
flight. With this information, we reduced the amount
of certain types of sodas loaded on the plane,
helping to reduce weight and fuel consumption, as
well as associated costs. In 2024, we scaled the
program to six of our hub airports with the goal of
gaining more comprehensive insight and reducing
service weight across a greater number of flights.

Together, these and other initiatives helped
increase total operational fuel savings by 23 million
gallons in 2024, for a total of 44 million gallons
saved in 2024 and contributing to our goal of

11 billion gallons of cumulative fuel savings

by 2035, compared to a 2019 baseline.

Delta continues to leverage a series of operational
fuel key performance indicators (KPIs) to help
reduce our fuel consumption and associated GHG
emissions. These include metrics such as average
auxiliary power unit (APU) runtime minutes, service
weight per available seat mile and excess endurance
fuel carried. Roughly 65% of all frontline employees'
work is assigned to a fuel KPI to help consolidate
our fuel-efficiency efforts across the organization.

Environment
RS —h

People Community

USING LESS JET FUEL ON THE GROUND
Another way to drive fuel savings is by limiting
the use of APUs during ground operations.
We continue to work with airport partners to
increase the installation of ground power units
and preconditioned air (PCA) units at several
of our hubs. In 2024, we introduced a total

of 31 new PCA units across our network.

In an effort to further reduce ground fuel use,
Delta has also introduced equipment telematics
systems at over 90 gates in ATL to identify APU

Using less jet fuel in the air:

* Increasing efficiency through

enhancements to flight routing and

planning, aircraft modifications

Improving the overall weight of

aircraft to fly lighter and more

efficiently across two domains:

* Fixed Weight - reducing weight of
equipment and interior components
installed on aircraft

* Variable Weight - optimizing
boarded aircraft weight such as
catering and potable water

Using less jet fuel on the ground:

* Enhancing ground procedures and infrastructure
to reduce fuel burn from APUs at the gate,
during taxi and during maintenance

Governance

Appendix 42 FULL REPORT |2

usage reduction opportunities. We deployed an
APU Ambassador at our ATL, John F. Kennedy
International Airport IFK) and Minneapolis-
St. Paul International Airport (MSP) hubs to
drive awareness of APU energy usage and
identify potential reduction opportunities.

In 2024, Delta continued its partnership with the
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to test
TaxiBot,® a semi-robotic towing device designed to
reduce unnecessary fuel burn during taxiing, at JFK.

@ 2022 Savings
@ 2023 Savings
2024 Savings

gallons

13M

2022

--- PAGE 42 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

Cleaner Fuel

One of the most important levers for decarbonizing
flight is sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), a liquid
hydrocarbon fuel synthetically produced using

feedstock derived from renewable sources or waste.

However, there isn't enough SAF being produced
today to fuel the world's commercial airlines for
even one week, so Delta is taking a leading role
in supporting the scale-up of the industry.

Delta is committed to being a key player in the
growth of the SAF industry and supports the
scaling of SAF through engaging across the
development value chain and through signing
offtake agreements with SAF producers.

T3M+
Gallons of SAF uplifted in 2024

119,781

Metric tons CO,e avoided

People Community

Environment
CR ——h

CORE CHALLENGE

Addressing barriers to increase the
availability and affordability of SAF

OUR ROLE

Creating demand signals to attract capital,
advocating for incentives and ensuring support of
all ecosystem stakeholders required to scale SAF

WHAT WE'VE DONE SO FAR

Signed millions of gallons in long-

erm offtake agreements with existing
and emerging SAF producers.

n 2024, more than tripled SAF
deliveries compared to 2023, for a

otal of over 13 million gallons.
Collaborated through the Minnesota
SAF Hub to produce the first-ever batch
of Minnesota crop-based SAF.

Announced the launching of a SAF
blending facility to serve MSP airport.
Worked with over 50 industry-leading
corporate and cargo customers to leverage

SAF for decarbonization of aviation emissions.

Governance

million gallons

Appendix

Procured SAF

43

FULL REPORT [7

Number of corporate and cargo customers
contributing to green premium

0.0
2020

2 30
1 !
1 1
1 1
' 1.6
ee!
2021 2022

50

2023

50+

2024

--- PAGE 43 END ---

: ,
( \M Yl | Zz aN y

ADELTA Introduction Safety

res:

SAF Procurement =
Delta continues to increase SAF usage year
over year, achieving a total uplift of over

13 million gallons in 2024, more than three
times the SAF uplifted in 2023, for a total of

19 million gallons uplifted since 2021. We've
partnered with industry-leading producers

such as Shell, Neste and Valero to achieve this
growth despite a limited global supply of SAF.

For the 2030 long-term target, Delta's SAF
procurement strategy focuses on diversifying
both the range of technologies and the
producers in our portfolio. While we have
contracted millions of gallons toward this
goal, we recognize the SAF technology and
development landscape is nascent, and some
significant portion may not be delivered. We
believe our procurement strategy is a winning
approach and continuously engage across the
producer and investor ecosystem to identify
and evaluate offtake opportunities to manage
the inherent risks in this nascent industry.

At the end of 2024, we launched an offtake
evaluation process and received responses
from over 30 producers across technology
pathways. We are actively considering
additional offtake opportunities to further
diversify our future supply mix and manage
the financing and manufacturing risk.

Environment Governance FULL REPORT |2

Appendix 44

People Community

MY

Working Together With Americans

SAF Market Engagement and Advocacy Jou
for Clean Aviation Fuels

As part of our commitment to transparent climate policy leadership,

we engage in state, federal and international SAF policy advocacy to

help implement initiatives that accelerate SAF development. Within the

U.S., Delta has advocated for the bipartisan federal support for the SAF

market and proposed new SAF tax incentives within our hub states of

Michigan, New York and Massachusetts. At an international level, Delta

is engaged in partnerships with various trade associations to scale the

global SAF market and enable us to reach our net-zero goal by 2050.

To learn more about our SAF advocacy, which underpins our business ;
and climate objectives, please see our Climate Lobbying section.

Scaling SAF Production and Development

Since 2023, Delta has taken part in Americans for Clean Aviation
Fuels, the first national collaboration of the largest economic
actors in the U.S. economy - from farmers to fuel producers and
aviation to agribusiness - to promote the economic benefits

of clean aviation fuels. By promoting the benefits of a robust
market for SAF and sustainable alternatives to conventional jet
fuel, Delta is helping to drive a national effort to advance policies
that power economic and energy security for future generations.
For more information, see our Climate Lobbying Report.

Delta continues to support and expand important
partnerships and coalitions across industries

to help scale the SAF market. In 2023, we
introduced the Minnesota SAF Hub, a first-
of-its-kind coalition leveraging collaboration
across the value chain to scale SAF at MSP and
support economic development in the state.

Since launching, Delta and the Minnesota SAF Hub
have worked with cross-industry collaborators to
pioneer solutions that increase the availability of
SAF. In 2024, this work enabled the completion of
four major milestones on our journey to develop a
fully integrated SAF supply chain in Minnesota.

gallons of neat SAF. The blending facility, one of
only three in the United States, is expected to be
completed in late 2025 and will deliver SAF, when
fully operational, into MSP - our second largest
hub. This capability development is being led in
collaboration with Shell and Montana Renewables.

Renewables, the University of Minnesota and
others to produce the first batch of SAF made
using Minnesota-grown winter camelina seed - a
novel vegetable oil that has the potential to unlock
additional feedstock and agricultural opportunities.

Lastly, the SAF derived from Minnesota
camelina seed was delivered to MSP and Detroit
Metropolitan Airport, marking the first time in
aviation history either airport has received SAF.

Second, Delta announced the formation of the
Minnesota Demand Consortium to aggregate a
strong demand signal to support cost-competitive
SAF and further scaling of production. To

build this demand, Delta has partnered with

Bank of America, Deloitte and Ecolab, and is
actively engaging additional participants.

Third, Delta and the Minnesota SAF Hub
collaborated with Cargill, Shell, Montana

Delta is committed to capitalizing on the momentum
achieved through its coalition efforts and will
continue to leverage this cross-industry collaboration
to support investor confidence in projects and enable
the advancement of SAF technologies and scale.

First, Delta and Flint Hills Resources announced
plans to develop a facility to blend up to 30 million

--- PAGE 44 END ---

|
ADELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 45 FULL REPORT [2

Ground Operations and Facilities

Adopting sustainable practices within our GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT
ground services and critical locations - Ground support equipment (GSE) such as tow on equipment with the highest utilization rates,
including terminals, maintenance facilities tractors and belt loaders are traditionally reliant on which contributes a significant portion of our
and corporate offices - helps further reduce diesel and other fossil fuels, contributing to GHG total GSE emissions, allows us to optimize the
environmental impacts across the organization. emissions and other pollutants. Where feasible, effectiveness of electric units. And using renewable
we have made steady progress toward shifting to diesel in existing equipment allows for immediate
electric and other alternative-fuel-powered GSE. carbon reductions at a lower cost. Additionally,
AT A GLANCE arene : .
, _ We plan to continue reducing GHG emissions from where electrification is not cost effective or feasible,
Ground Operations and Facilities des p g Delta is reducing non-GHG emissions through new

GSE by replacing our core fleets with eGSE and
expanding the use of renewable diesel throughout
our operations. Focusing our electrification strategy

engine technology and equipment retirement.
CORE CHALLENGE

Reducing the environmental impact
of GSE, facilities and other operations

OUR ROLE

Electrifying Delta equipment, sourcing renewable
electricity and driving other initiatives to

reduce fuel use, waste and emissions

WHAT WE'VE DONE SO FAR

* Purchased and deployed 2,029 electrical ground
support equipment (eGSE) units since 2020,
achieving 39% electrification of core GSE fleet.

* Made significant progress toward having
five hubs at 100% electrification of core fleet.

* Commenced the first installations of rooftop
solar panels at our Atlanta campus with Cherry
Street Energy; a total of 3.7 megawatts of solar
capacity is expected to cover a portion of the
campus' electricity needs by end of 2025.

CAMPUS GREENING [7

ENERGY CONSUMPTION IN OUR FACILITIES [2

--- PAGE 45 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

The Travel Experience

A lot has changed since 1936 when Delta launched
in-flight meal service on 14-passenger Lockheed 10
Electra. Today, we're working to reduce waste and
introduce more sustainable products on board to help

reduce our environmental footprint while also improving

the overall customer experience. Delta's long-term
goal is to achieve 100% diversion of waste associated
with the customer travel experience by 2050.

REDUCING SINGLE-USE PLASTICS

Delta remains committed to reducing single-
use plastics (SUPs) on board. To date, we have
successfully implemented several initiatives,
including replacing plastic cutlery with bamboo
alternatives and transitioning to dishware
made from biodegradable materials.

For several years, we have been working to address
one of our most significant waste streams: SUP
cups. In late 2024, we began the rollout of Delta's
new paper cup on international flights, with plans
to expand to domestic flights. This cup is the
culmination of several years of testing and a full-
scale life-cycle analysis and meets both Delta's high
standards for performance and stringent regulations
across multiple international jurisdictions. The

new design can handle a wide variety of beverages
and will take the place of two different types of
cups, helping to reduce plastic waste, saving space
on board and streamlining stocking procedures.
When fully rolled out, we estimate the new cup will
eliminate nearly 7 million pounds of SUP annually!

Delta has also reduced SUPs from other sources
within our onboard services, including earbuds and
beverages. In 2024, we removed 170,000 pounds
of SUPs from our earbud products and packaging.

People

Environment
CR ——h

Community

CORE CHALLENGE

Reducing waste and delivering
more sustainable products and
amenities to our customers

OUR ROLE
Finding innovative ways to eliminate
waste on board and on the ground

WHAT WE'VE DONE SO FAR
* Removed 170,000 pounds of SUPs from our

earbud products and packaging by using
new kraft paper earbud wrapping on more
than 60 million units handed out each year.

* Started using paper cups in place of
plastic cups, aiming to remove 7 million
pounds of SUP on board annually.'

In 2024, Delta donated over 1.2 million pounds
of bedding, amenity kits, food, first-aid supplies,
water and other items to those in need.

Governance Appendix

A

EDUCING PLAST
THAT'S REFRESHIN

Paramount+

46

FULL REPORT [7

ENHANCING RECYCLING AND LANDFILL DIVERSION

In 2024, we established a baseline for total

solid waste by material type and quantified our
largest waste sources. We gathered information
on all airline operations globally, from onboard
services and catering to Delta Sky Clubs, TechOps
and our General Office headquarters.

We conducted extensive site visits to assess the
waste-related processes at over 40 different
Delta facilities, including our hub locations. Using
enterprise waste data, the study found that
almost 90% of solid waste from our operations
comes from the Travel Experience, including
Onboard Services, Catering and Sky Clubs. Delta
has prioritized our waste strategy to address key
waste types throughout the Travel Experience.

Our strategy to reduce waste within the Travel
Experience encompasses several key initiatives.
We are enhancing onboard waste sorting protocols
for flight attendants on both domestic and
international routes, ensuring the availability of
appropriate sorting equipment and receptacles
onboard; expanding waste diversion infrastructure
and capabilities at airports; and enhancing waste
diversion to include recycling and composting at our
catering kitchens. Delta currently conducts landfill
diversion operations across our 10 hub kitchens
and seven warehouses domestically, and we are
working to expand landfill diversion programs

to additional facilities. Across our network, we
diverted over 12 million pounds of waste in 2024.

1 Through changes in product and processes since 2019

--- PAGE 46 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

Environment
CR ——h

People Community

Additional Climate-Related Disclosures

It is important for us to understand and
respond to the impact of climate change
on our business, including identifying
and evaluating climate-related risks

and opportunities and ensuring the
resilience of our strategy and operations
under different climate scenarios.

In this section, we summarize additional aspects
of our approach to climate change in line with the
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This section
also provides updates on our advocacy related to
federal, state and international climate policies.

Climate-Related Governance

The Board of Directors oversees climate-related
matters, including through specific Board Committee
responsibilities. The Corporate Governance
Committee of the Board oversees our environmental
sustainability strategy, goal setting and
opportunities and risks, receiving updates on our
progress through regular briefings - which occurred
twice in 2024. The Audit Committee of the Board
reviews our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
processes, including climate-related risks, and
oversees the reporting of environmental matters in
our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

The Finance Committee of the Board oversees
investments, including the acquisition of new, more
fuel-efficient aircraft and significant investments in
new technologies. The full Board receives briefings
as merited on climate-related matters, including
updates on relevant risks and opportunities,

goals and performance, and key initiatives.

At the management level, climate-related matters
are overseen by our Executive Vice President - Chief
External Affairs Officer, the Chief Sustainability
Officer and several key executive-level councils,
including the ESG Council, the Carbon Council,
the Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) Council and
the Risk Council. Each is composed of members
of the Delta Leadership Committee (DLC) as

well as other senior executives from across the
organization who help to implement our climate
strategy and related risk mitigation efforts.

These councils are supported by cross-functional
working teams led by divisional leaders and
comprised of core collaborators. The teams
prepare topics for education, as well as for
discussions and decisions by the councils, and
carry out related actions after each meeting.
The working teams drive day-to-day progress
across Delta's sustainability strategy, helping

to propel the organization forward through
grassroots efforts, which are directed by council
leadership and ultimately overseen by the Board.

Governance

Appendix 47 FULL REPORT [2

Climate Risk Management

Delta's climate strategy is informed and guided by
the ongoing identification and assessment of climate-
related risks and opportunities relevant to our business.

To help inform and strengthen our understanding
and management of climate-related risks, we
conducted an initial climate risk assessment and
scenario analysis in 2021. In 2023, we undertook
amore detailed assessment incorporating newer
research findings, updated modeling and other
improvements to enhance our understanding of
climate-related risks - physical risks and transition
risks - over the short, medium and long term.

The risk assessment process was conducted in
alignment with the TCFD framework and included
consultation with internal and external stakeholders
and subject-matter experts, as well as an extensive
review of external research and data sources. Delta's
overall ERM program helps inform how we assess

and manage our climate-related risks. For each

risk, we considered potential impact, as well as the
likelihood of and timeframe for the risk to manifest,
under multiple emissions scenarios. Where possible,
potential financial impacts were assessed at a high
level, with support and input from relevant internal
teams. Consistent with the TCFD framework, risks and
projected impacts do not factor in mitigation efforts. All
risks outlined are speculative in nature, based on both
internal and external assumptions and methodologies.

The results of our 2023 risk assessment,
including the key physical and transition risks
identified and their anticipated timelines,
potential impacts and related management
strategies, can be found on our website.

@

Read more on Climate Risk
Management on our website

ANALYSIS OF CLIMATE-RELATED
PHYSICAL RISKS

ANALYSIS OF CLIMATE-RELATED
TRANSITION RISKS

2

2

--- PAGE 47 END ---

ADELTA

Introduction Safety

Metrics and Targets

GHG EMISSIONS INVENTORY

Our GHG inventory encompasses emissions

from all operations directly controlled by Delta,
including Endeavor, Delta Vacations, Delta Material
Services and Delta Flight Products. Emissions from
Monroe Energy, our wholly owned subsidiary,

are excluded except for those categorized as

Scope 3, Category 3 emissions (see sidebar).'

To enhance the accuracy and comprehensiveness
of our GHG inventory, we have identified an
opportunity to improve Scope 3 emissions
reporting. In 2024, we began including Category 5,
waste generated in operations, in our Scope

3 emissions calculations. With the addition

of this category, we have now captured all of
Delta's most relevant and material upstream and
downstream Scope 3 emissions categories.

SCIENCE-BASED TARGETS

Delta has set medium- and long-term climate goals
aligned with Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi)
guidelines. Our ultimate goal is to achieve net-zero
emissions for our airline operations by 2050.

In 2022, SBTi validated Delta's medium-term
climate target - to reduce well-to-wake Scope 1

and 3 jet fuel GHG emissions 45% per revenue ton
kilometer by 2035 from a 2019 base year.? This
target is aligned with holding warming well below
2°C. Validation of our 2050 net-zero goal, however,
has been delayed pending updated SBTi guidance for

People Community Environment

setting aviation sector targets aligned with limiting
warming to 1.5°C. We have been reevaluating with
SBTi whether we can continue to wait for updated
aviation guidance or whether we must withdraw and
reapply for 2050 net-zero validation in the future.

OTHER CLIMATE-RELATED TARGETS

As noted throughout this section, we are also
pursuing a range of other targets on our glide path to
net-zero emissions by 2050, which are summarized
in Delta's Projected Net-Zero Roadmap infographic.

DELTA'S PROJECTED NET-ZERO ROADMAP ~>

GHG Emissions Inventory (mT CO.e)

SCOPE 1 TOTAL

SCOPE 2 TOTAL
SCOPE 3 CALCULATED?
SUM OF EMISSIONS

Governance

Appendix 48 FULL REPORT [2

OUR MEDIUM-TERM SBTI-VALIDATED TARGET BR

45% N

Reduction in well-to-wake Scope 1 and 3 jet
fuel GHG emissions of 45% per revenue ton
kilometer by 2035 from a 2019 baseline."

5.3% 45%

PROGRESS
5.3%

Reduction in our jet fuel-related GHG
emissions per revenue ton kilometer in 2024

x

ZZ

2019 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024
37,328,421 30,741,000 35,891,846 37,284,766
295,889 203,486 188,387 165,384
10,946,766 12,299,299 —20,099,112* 23,119,882

48,571,076 43,243,785 56,179,344 60,570,033

tners. Non-(

Delta's GHG emissions inventory is
calculated and verified in accordance with
the GHG Protocol, which aligns with the
SBTi framework. More detailed figures are
provided on Page 57 and our verification
statement is available on Page 56.

SCOPE 1

Consists of all direct emissions generated

by Delta's airline operations, including the
combustion of jet fuel and SAF by Delta
mainline aircraft and wholly owned subsidiaries,
fuel use for ground support equipment and
other ground operations, and chemical use.

SCOPE 2

Consists of GHG emissions resulting
from the generation of electricity, heat or
steam purchased by Delta in owned and
leased facilities, such as airport spaces.

SCOPE 3

In 2024, we expanded the Scope 3 emissions
categories we calculate and report to include
Category 5, waste generated in operations. With
the addition of this category, we have finalized
our Scope 3 GHG inventory. Delta continues

to calculate and disclose our indirect value

chain emissions from purchased goods and
services; capital goods; upstream transportation;
well-to-wake GHG emissions from jet fuel

from Delta Connection carriers that we do

not wholly own; emissions from jet fuel and

SAF production from our suppliers, including
business travel; employee commuting; and
investments (Categories 1, 2, 3, 4,5, 6, 7 and 15).

--- PAGE 48 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

Climate Lobbying

As part of the highly regulated global aviation
industry, Delta advocates for thoughtful,
harmonized policies that will help us achieve our
net-zero-aligned climate and business goals. This
includes building coalitions and engaging with
policymakers, regulators, academics and thought
leaders involved in developing and advancing
relevant policies - especially those intended to
commercialize the burgeoning SAF industry and
support breakthrough innovations in flight.

Consistent with our commitment to transparent
policy leadership, this summary provides a high-level
overview of our 2024 climate lobbying activities,
which are consistent with our net-zero by 2050
ambition and our policy principles. A more detailed
analysis, inclusive of alignment with our trade
association advocacy, can be found in the Appendix.

@

More information on climate lobbying

can be found on our website

CLIMATE LOBBYING [2

Environment
CR ——h

People Community

Our climate change policy principles provide

a foundation for our advocacy and ensure
consistency in our position development process.
As a basis for navigating policies across the global
markets, we embrace internationally and nationally
harmonized policies to prevent the inconsistent
application of policies that may result in
competitive market distortions or send conflicting
market signals. U.S. law, for example, recognizes
the need for national consistency in aircraft
regulation and preempts state and local regulation.

Delta believes climate policy for the
aviation industry should also be:

* Sector-specific but augmented by
complementary policies to support our
broader sustainability strategy (e.g.,
electrification of GSE and operations)

* Preventative of revenue diversion for non-
aviation climate mitigation purposes,
ensuring we reinvest any revenue
generated into this hard-to-abate sector
and the diverse workforce it supports

Governance

Appendix 49 FULL REPORT [2

Grounded in science to ensure GHG

emissions reductions are maximized

and realized in a manner designed to

minimize increased costs for travelers
Performance-based, feedstock-neutral

and technology-neutral, recognizing the
innovations needed to decarbonize our sector
are not yet commercially available at scale
Supportive of the long-term capital investment
necessary to sustain multidecade aviation
infrastructure and equipment commitments
Rooted in the need for operational

safety, technological feasibility and

economic reasonableness

Designed to drive efficiency in fleet
procurement, fuel burn and air traffic operations
Designed to incentivize rather than mandate a
zero-carbon trajectory at the lowest cost (e.g.,
tax incentives, grants, research and development
investment, voluntary opt-in), as there is no
scalable market where SAF can compete ona
level playing field with the on-road fuels market

--- PAGE 49 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

S

Governance

5]
53
53

54
54

Board-Level Oversight

Political Activity and Policy Engagement
Business Ethics

Data Privacy and Information Security

Responsible Approach to Al

--- PAGE 50 END ---

DELTA

Board-Level Oversight

At the core of Delta's governance structure
is the history of a strong, independent Board
of Directors composed of experienced
members with diverse backgrounds,
qualifications, skills and experiences.

The Board is committed to sound corporate
governance in line with evolving best practices.
Our governance structure and practices are
described in detail in our Proxy Statement for
the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

Oversight of Environmental,
Social and Governance Matters
The Board of Directors understands, and is

committed to, the importance of environmental,
social and governance matters and their

significance to our stakeholders.

The Board includes several directors with skills
and experience directly relevant to these topics,
which ensures a broad perspective in evaluating
environmental, social and governance matters.
In addition, the Board has and continues to gain
knowledge about evolving areas through, among
other things, regular briefings and discussions
with internal subject-matter experts. The

Board also has access to external resources

and education on a variety of matters.

Introduction Safety

People Community Environment

OVERSIGHT OF RISK

The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility
to oversee Delta's Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) program, including with respect to
environmental, social and governance matters.
The ERM program's primary objectives include
facilitating a cross-functional enterprise-wide risk
assessment, integrating the ERM framework into
business processes and decision-making, holding
management accountable to mitigate risks and
providing assurance that the risk-governance
systems are functioning appropriately.

The Board discusses risk throughout the year,

particularly when reviewing operating and strategic

plans and when considering specific actions for
approval. The Board's oversight of certain risk
areas is managed through delegation of that
risk item to the applicable Board committee,
with regular reporting to the entire Board.

@

Read more information on the Board's
oversight on ESG initiatives and our approach
to managing ESG goals and initiatives

MANAGEMENT-LEVEL OVERSIGHT Ia
AND IMPLEMENTATION

Appendix 51 FULL REPORT [2

About Our Board

INDEPENDENCE
All independent except CEO and ALPA' nominee

2 NOT INDEPENDENT
@ 12 INDEPENDENT

DEMOGRAPHICS

DIRECTORS OF HISTORICALLY
UNDERREPRESENTED GENDER,
RACE AND/OR ETHNICITY B

1 Air Line Pilots Association, International.

TENURE
Average tenure 5.6 years

7 <5 YEARS
@ 4 5-10 YEARS
3 >10 YEARS

29%

FEMALE DIRECTORS

43%

RACIALLY/ETHNICALLY DIVERSE
* 1Hispanic =* 2 Asian
* 1Latino * 2 African American

--- PAGE 51 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

Delta Leadership Committee

The Delta Leadership Committee (DLC),
under the leadership of our CEO and oversight
of the Board of Directors, manages the
strategic direction of our business, including
the implementation of our environmental,
social and governance initiatives.

DLC members or other executives who report
directly to the DLC spearhead executive-level
councils. These councils meet regularly to
drive these efforts in coordination with cross-
functional working groups across the company.

The DLC is regularly briefed on various
environmental, social and governance
matters by our EVP - Chief External Affairs
Officer and frequently engages with internal
subject-matter experts on these topics. Over
the course of 2024, the DLC was briefed

on Delta's long-term climate strategy by

our Chief Sustainability Officer. This brief
included the comprehensive strategy that set
the foundation for our short-, medium- and
long-term milestones and targets, which

will drive our path to net-zero emissions by
2050, and progress against that strategy.
The strategy review also included potential
risks and opportunities specific to our
sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) strategy, which
is core to Delta's decarbonization efforts.

People

Community

Oversight and Management of Environmental, Social and Governance Matters

Board of
Directors

Delta
Leadership
Committee

Executive-Level
Councils

Environment Governance Appendix 52 FULL REPORT [2

AUDIT
COMMITTEE

CORPORATE AUDIT

CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER

(HEAD OF DLC)

PRESIDENT EVP - CHIEF EVP - CHIEF EXTERNAL EVP - CHIEF OF
FINANCIAL OFFICER AFFAIRS OFFICER OPERATIONS
EVP - CHIEF EVP - CHIEF CUSTOMER EVP - CHIEF SVP - CHIEF HEALTH & SVP - CHIEF
PEOPLE OFFICER EXPERIENCE OFFICER INFORMATION OFFICER WELLNESS OFFICER MARKETING OFFICER
SVP - CHIEF SVP - CHIEF EVP - GLOBAL SALES EVP & PRESIDENT -
DIGITAL OFFICER COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER AND DISTRIBUTION INTERNATIONAL

Cross-functional working groups supporting each council

--- PAGE 52 END ---

Introduction

ADELTA Safety

People Community Environment

Governance

Appendix 53 FULL REPORT |2

Political Activity and Policy Engagement

Delta is committed to being a positive voice
on public policy issues that impact not only
the airline industry but also our customers,
our people and the communities we serve.

We care about a wide range of issues, including
fair trade, competition policy, safety and
security, workforce development, energy and

the environment, and climate change policy.
Managing our advocacy and regulatory compliance
activities is the responsibility of our EVP - Chief
External Affairs Officer in conjunction with our
Senior Vice President - Government Affairs and
our Vice President - State and Local Government
Affairs. The Delta Leadership Committee and
the Corporate Governance Committee of the
Board regularly receive formal reports on our
policy priorities and political activities.

We actively lobby to influence the development of
international, federal, state and local public policies.
In managing these activities, we conduct our
business ethically and in compliance with the law.
We issue a Political Contributions and Activity Report
annually and, for the fourth year, have provided an
overview of climate lobbying activities in this report.

@

To learn more, visit our separate Political
Contributions and Activity Report

and Climate Lobbying webpage:

POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS

[2 2024 CLIMATE [2
AND ACTIVITY REPORT

LOBBYING

Business Ethics

The Way We Fly, our code of ethics and
business conduct, provides an overview of

our standards and key policies that guide the
interactions of our employees, customers

and business partners around the world. Our
Rules of the Road outline Delta's mission,

core values and most important behaviors.
Together, these resources help to define our
culture of ethics and integrity while guiding our
people to live these values in their daily work.

All Delta employees are required to read and

follow The Way We Fly. Employees and business
partners are also expected to adhere to our Anti-
Corruption Policy, which prohibits any form of
corruption and the facilitation of bribery. Delta
employees may report violations or concerns to
their manager, Human Resources, the Ethics and
Compliance Department, or through Delta's Safety,
Ethics and Compliance HelpLine, which is available
to employees and vendors online or by telephone
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Reports to the
HelpLine are answered discreetly and confidentially
by an independent company. As applicable, Delta
investigates and implements corrective actions in
accordance with local laws and Delta's Investigation
Policy and Protocol. Delta protects individuals

who report concerns in good faith and does not
tolerate retaliation of any kind for filing a report.

As part of Delta's commitment to our culture
of ethics and integrity, all employees receive
annual training on The Way We Fly.

In support of the continued development of Delta's
compliance program, we expanded our Ethics

and Compliance Ambassador Program in 2024

to include over 30 representatives. Ambassadors
are divisional and subsidiary representatives

who help to champion our values and embed a
culture of compliance across the organization.

Oversight of Business Ethics

Our Deputy General Counsel - Chief
Compliance Officer maintains responsibility
for our ethics and compliance policies and
procedures, including those pertaining

to anti-corruption and bribery. The

Chief Compliance Officer is supported

by the Ethics and Compliance team,

which helps uphold our values by:

Establishing certain policies, training
and communications aimed at
mitigating compliance risks

Overseeing due diligence of certain
third parties and transactions

Investigating certain reports of violations
of laws, regulations or Delta policies

Reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors on organizational compliance
program risks, achievements and developments

--- PAGE 53 END ---

ADELTA Introduction Safety

People Community Environment

Data Privacy and Information Security

We recognize that data protection and
privacy practices are key elements of our
customers' experience and contribute to
the safety and efficiency of our operations.

The Audit Committee of our Board is responsible
for reviewing cybersecurity risks and overseeing
the security and operations of our information
technology (IT) systems. Our IT Risk team
monitors and regularly reports on cyberrisk

so that senior leadership can make informed
business decisions. Security awareness
activities go beyond annual training and include
engagement and reinforcement exercises to
help our employees understand that their role
in protecting our company is just as important
as the technologies we have in place.

We seek to collect and process only necessary
personal data from our customers. Our systems
are built following a "privacy by design" approach,
and we undertake privacy risk and impact
assessments for any new or modified data
processes. To support employee engagement, and
compliance, with our privacy approach, we have
almost 40 Privacy Champions serving throughout
our organization who act as liaisons between

the business units and our Data Privacy team.

Delta has established physical, electronic
and managerial safeguards to protect the
information in our care. These measures are
reviewed to protect against unauthorized
access, disclosure and improper use of
customer information and to maintain the
accuracy and integrity of that data. All U.S.
air carriers are subject to laws regarding
the privacy and security of customer

and employee data that vary between

the countries in which we operate. We
continue to update our processes to adhere
to applicable domestic and international
data protection laws and regulations.

For additional information about our risk
management, strategy and governance
of cybersecurity, please see our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Responsible Approach to Al

As Delta continues to integrate advanced
technologies into our business, we take a
balanced approach to artificial intelligence
(Al), using it to improve operations

and enhance the customer experience
while prioritizing our customers' and
employees' safety, security and trust.

The Board of Directors oversees Delta's Al
strategy through the Audit Committee. In
2024, management reported to the Audit
Committee on the company's use of Al

in a comprehensive technology overview,
which included a review of the company's
IT environment, digital transformation

and cybersecurity risk management.
Additionally, a management-level Al
Governance Committee consisting of cross-
functional subject-matter experts oversees
the responsible design, development and
deployment of Al, including generative

Al, using principles of safety and security,
transparency and reliability, and ethics.

=

Delta has implemented various Al-driven
solutions utilizing these frameworks,
including tools to support reservation and
customer care specialists through advanced
knowledge management capabilities and
Delta.com site search capabilities for
customers. Moving forward, Delta will
continue to responsibly leverage Al to
improve operations and enhance the
customer experience while effectively
managing risks.

--- PAGE 54 END ---

Introduction S eople Community ironment

Appendix

IN THIS SECTION

56 Emissions Verification
57 — Historical GHG Emissions Data
57. Environmental Data

58 Legal Disclaimer

@

See our website for more information on Delta's climate- and
sustainability-related reporting performance and policies

DISCLOSURE [a FUEL \2 CLIMATE \a 5 ae —S J
TABLES EFFICIENCY LOBBYING =e =~

--- PAGE 55 END ---

A DELTA Introduction Safety People Community Environment Governance Appendix 56 FULL REPORT |2
SS

Emissions Verification

We obtain third-party verification of
our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

on an annual basis. Dillon Consulting a

May 9, 2025

conducts our emissions verification and eee
provides a reasonable level of assurance Delta Ar Lines Ine. CONSULTING.
3 1030 Delta Boulevari
on our Environmental Statement of Atlanta, GA 30320
. . . United States 425 Adelaide Street
Greenhouse Gas Emissions for reporting. We
. To whom it may concern, Suite 300
The emissions reported for 2024 were Toronto, Ontario
ge 7 Dillon Consulting Limited (Dillon) completed a verification of Delta Air Line's 2024 da
calculated and verified using the GHG greenhouse gas emissions inventory according to the World Business Council for
Protocol, which aligns with the Science Sustainable Development and the World Resource Institute's "The Greenhouse Gas Telephone
ee . Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard" (Revised Edition). Dillon 416.628.4658
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) framework. conducted the verification according to ISO 14064-3: 2019 Standard. Fax
oe 1.888.868.0960
The 2019, 2022 and 2023 emissions shown Based on the procedures undertaken, Dillon confirms that the 2024 Delta Difference

Report GHG assertion that covers emissions from January 1, 2024 to December 31,
2024 was prepared in accordance with the GHG Protocol and Standards, is supported

in the Environment and Historical GHG

Emissions Data sections of this re port are by appropriate underlying evidence, is fairly stated, and is free from material errors and
| Iculated usi he GHG | omissions, to a reasonable level of assurance (Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions) and to a
also calculated using the GHG Protocol. limited level of assurance (Scope 3 Emissions).
[att i in ns tvetny
[Scone

ess Descten Tad Erion
feat Seat isis ores SRS "iso
fate Sse Gas Siort Eure GSE Ea
Feete seer =
fs a wie Bea
azar |
ar
Siar
Tee
a
a
wares
iia
et
tar
ee
teem
|

Sincerely,
DILLON CONSULTING LIMITED

ham il
Ana Calleja, M.Sc.

Lead Verifier Dillon Consulting
Limited

--- PAGE 56 END ---

ADELTA

Historical GHG Emissions Data

Climate Metrics and Targets

Our climate strategy is guided by metrics
and targets that help to drive and serve
as key indicators of our progress.

GHG EMISSIONS INVENTORY

We assess our impact and progress
primarily through ongoing evaluation of
our direct and indirect GHG emissions.

1 All emissions were calculated and verified using the GHG
Protocol, which is in alignment with the guidance of SBTi.

2 Allemissions calculations use the most current emission
factors except for Scope 1 (Jet Fuel), to stay aligned
with other International Civil Aviation Organization
member airlines, and Scope 3 (Categories 1, 2 and 4)

3 Scope 2 emissions are calculated using only location-based

methodology; emission factors from contractual instruments

between Delta and energy providers are not available

4 Scope 3 data for 2019 includes Category 3; Scope 3 data
for 2022 includes Categories 1, 2, 3 and 4; Scope 3 for
2023 includes Categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7 and 15; Scope 3 for
2024 includes Categories 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 15. Scope 3

Categories 3, 5, 7 and 15 calculations use primary data. Scope

3 Categories 1, 2, 4 and 6 use secondary (spend) data

5 Mainline + Wholly Owned Subsidiaries well-to-tank (WTT),

Regional Partners well-to-wake (WTW), SAF WTT.
This reflects a correction to data in the 2023 Report

7 Biogenic tank-to-wake (TTW) carbon dioxide emissions
are reported separately from the scopes, consistent with

current guidance from the GHG Protocol. The 2024 biogenic

TTW emissions from SAF were 124,582 mT COze.

Introduction Safety

People Community

GHG Emissions Inventory (metric tons CO,e)'?
(baseline) 2019

SCOPE 1

Jet Fuel - Mainline Delta
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)

Jet Fuel - Wholly Owned Subsidiaries

Ground Operations (ground
support equipment fuel use)

Ground Operations (other sources)
Total Scope 1

SCOPE 2?

Electricity - Direct Billed Facilities
Electricity - Leased Facilities
Natural Gas - Leased Facilities

Total Scope 2

SCOPE 34

Cat 1 (Purchased Goods & Services)
Cat 2 (Capital Goods)

Cat 3 (Fuel)>

Cat 4 (Upstream Transport)
Cat 5 (Waste)

Cat 6 (Business Travel)

Cat 7 (Employee Commute)
Cat 15 (Investments)

Total Scope 3

SUM OF EMISSIONS

Biogenic TTW Emissions (SAF) (CO,)'

Environment

34,967,854

2,181,283
97,316

81,968
37,328,421

152,849
105,701
37,339
295,889

10,946,766

10,946,766
48,571,076

Governance

2022

28,905,698
93
1,668,437
79,417

87,355
30,741,000

126,653
41,776
35,057
203,486

1,514,455
1,395,376
8,450,703
938,765

12,299,299
43,243,785

15,324

Appendix

2023

34,078,477
203
1,616,701
86,106

110,359
35,891,846

107,920
46,550
33,917
188,387

1,664,146
1,565,215
9,307,422°
690,054

91,472
1,617,821°
5,162,982

20,099,112

56,179,344

33,398

FULL REPORT [7

2024

35,448,915
757
1,680,266
82,807

72,021
37,284,766

106,477
44,550
14,357
165,384

1,627,496
1,828,810
10,377,646
1,041,200
68,454
120,677
1,436,828
6,618,771
23,119,882
60,570,033

124,582

Environmental Data

2022 2023 2024

HAZARDOUS WASTE (tons)®
Waste Totals 652 700 801

REGULATED AIR EMISSIONS FROM
STATIONARY SOURCES (metric tons)

Nitrogen Oxides (NO,) 152 149 155
Carbon Monoxide (CO) 58 55 63
Sulfur Dioxide (SO,) 12 13 15
Particulate Matter (PM) 28 29 29
Volatile Organic 127 85 180
Compounds (VOCs)

Hazardous Air 39 29 23

Pollutants (HAPs)

PENALTIES ASSOCIATED WITH
NOTICES OF VIOLATION?

Penalties $0 $1,000 $6,000

8 Waste data for 2022 and 2023 was corrected in
2023 based on an improved methodology to address
omissions identified during data quality evaluation.

9 Beginning in 2023, Delta started reporting on environmental
penalties assessed instead of Notices of Violation, because notices
are allegations and penalties assessed are more reflective of a
final agency determination. The reported penalties include fines
imposed by environmental regulatory authorities for noncompliance
with air, water, waste and chemical management requirements.
They do not include penalties for alleged noise violations.

--- PAGE 57 END ---

Introduction Safety

DELTA

Legal Disclaimer

The statements in this report that are not historical
facts, including statements regarding our estimates,
expectations, beliefs, intentions, projections, goals,
aspirations, commitments or strategies for the future,
should be considered "forward-looking statements"
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
and any other available safe harbors under the federal
securities laws. Many of the standards and metrics
used in preparing this report, including the forward-
looking statements herein, continue to evolve and

are based on management assumptions believed

to be reasonable at the time of preparation. Such
statements are not guarantees or promised outcomes
and should not be construed as such. All forward-
looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties, as described below, that could cause
actual results to differ materially from the estimates,
expectations, beliefs, intentions, projections, goals,
aspirations, commitments and strategies reflected

in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, the possible effects of serious accidents
involving our aircraft or aircraft of our airline
partners; breaches or lapses in the security of
technology systems we use and rely on, which could
compromise the data stored within them, as well as
failure to comply with evolving global privacy and
security regulatory obligations or adequately address
increasing customer focus on privacy issues and data
security; disruptions in our information technology
infrastructure; our dependence on technology in

our operations; increases in the cost of aircraft fuel;
extended disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel,

People Community Environment

including from Monroe Energy, LLC ("Monroe"),

a wholly-owned subsidiary of Delta that operates

the Trainer Refinery; failure to receive the expected
results or returns from our commercial relationships
with airlines in other parts of the world and the
investments we have in certain of those airlines; the
effects of a significant disruption in the operations or
performance of third parties on which we rely; failure
to comply with the financial and other covenants in
our financing agreements; labor-related disruptions;
the effects on our business of seasonality and other
factors beyond our control, such as changes in value
in our equity investments, severe weather conditions,
natural disasters or other environmental events,
including from the impact of climate change; failure or
inability of insurance to cover a significant liability at
Monroe's refinery; failure to comply with existing and
future environmental regulations to which Monroe's
refinery operations are subject, including costs
related to compliance with renewable fuel standard
regulations; significant damage to our reputation and
brand, including from exposure to significant adverse
publicity or inability to achieve certain sustainability
goals; our ability to retain senior management and
other key employees, and to maintain our company
culture; disease outbreaks or other public health
threats, and measures implemented to combat them;
the effects of terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict

or security events; competitive conditions in the
airline industry; extended interruptions or disruptions
in service at major airports at which we operate or
significant problems associated with types of aircraft
or engines we operate; the effects of extensive
regulatory and legal compliance requirements we are
subject to; the impact of environmental regulation,

Governance

Appendix 58

FULL REPORT |7

including but not limited to regulation of hazardous
substances, increased regulation to reduce emissions
and other risks associated with climate change,

and the cost of compliance with more stringent
environmental regulations; and unfavorable economic
or political conditions in the markets in which we
operate or volatility in currency exchange rates.

Additional information concerning risks and
uncertainties that could cause differences between
actual results and forward-looking statements is
contained in our Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) filings, including our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024
and other filings filed with the SEC from time to
time. Caution should be taken not to place undue
reliance on our forward-looking statements, which
represent our views only as of the publication date
of this report, and which we have no intention to
update except to the extent required by law.

This report contains information from third parties,
trade associations and coalitions. Delta makes no
representation or warranty as to the third-party
information. Where necessary, we have received
permission to cite third-party sources, but the
information and data remain under the control and
direction of the third parties. Where Delta has used
information, such as displaying data from third
parties in graphical form, it has noted the source.

Website links included in this report are for
convenience only. The content of any website link
and the materials and reports available on or through
them are not incorporated by reference into this
report and do not constitute a part of this report.

--- PAGE 58 END ---

MORE AT DIFFERENCE.DELTA.COM 7

ADELTA

WE'LL NEVER
10 STOP CLIMBING

YEARS

--- PAGE 59 END ---